Last login: Tue Apr  7 21:22:45 on ttys000

The default interactive shell is now zsh.
To update your account to use zsh, please run `chsh -s /bin/zsh`.
For more details, please visit https://support.apple.com/kb/HT208050.
Air-di-Genny:~ gennymiola$ cd desktop
Air-di-Genny:desktop gennymiola$ python programma2.py lemetamorfosi.txt cuoreditenebra.txt
I dieci nomi di persona più frequenti delle Metamorfosi sono [(u'Gregor', 57), (u'Mr.Samsa', 16), (u'Grete', 9), (u'Samsa', 6), (u'Mr.', 6), (u'God', 2), (u'Hardly', 2), (u'Anna', 2), (u'Sir', 1), (u'Help', 1)]
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in One morning, when Gregor Samsa woke from troubled dreams, he found
himself transformed in his bed into a horrible vermin.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Gregor then turned to look out the window at the dull weather.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in And even if he did catch
the train he would not avoid his boss's anger as the office
assistant would have been there to see the five o'clock train go, he
would have put in his report about Gregor's not being there a long
time ago.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in But that
would be extremely strained and suspicious as in fifteen years of
service Gregor had never once yet been ill.  His boss would
certainly come round with the doctor from the medical insurance
company, accuse his parents of having a lazy son, and accept the
doctor's recommendation not to make any claim as the doctor believed
that no-one was ever ill but that many were workshy.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Gregor did in
fact, apart from excessive sleepiness after sleeping for so long,
feel completely well and even felt much hungrier than usual.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in "Gregor",
somebody called - it was his mother - "it's quarter to seven.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Gregor was
shocked when he heard his own voice answering, it could hardly be
recognised as the voice he had had before.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Gregor had wanted to give a full
answer and explain everything, but in the circumstances contented
himself with saying: "Yes, mother, yes, thank-you, I'm getting up
now."
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in The change in Gregor's voice probably could not be noticed
outside through the wooden door, as his mother was satisfied with
this explanation and shuffled away.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in But this short conversation
made the other members of the family aware that Gregor, against
their expectations was still at home, and soon his father came
knocking at one of the side doors, gently, but with his fist.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in "Gregor, Gregor", he called, "what's wrong?"
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in And after a short
while he called again with a warning deepness in his voice: "Gregor!
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Gregor!"
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in At the other side door his sister came plaintively:
"Gregor?
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Gregor answered to
both sides: "I'm ready, now", making an effort to remove all the
strangeness from his voice by enunciating very carefully and putting
long pauses between each, individual word.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in His father went back to
his breakfast, but his sister whispered: "Gregor, open the door, I
beg of you."
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Gregor, however, had no thought of opening the door,
and instead congratulated himself for his cautious habit, acquired
from his travelling, of locking all doors at night even when he was
at home.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in "This is something that can't be
done in bed", Gregor said to himself, "so don't keep trying to do
it".
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in When Gregor was already sticking half way out of the bed - the new
method was more of a game than an effort, all he had to do was rock
back and forth - it occurred to him how simple everything would be
if somebody came to help him.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in "They're not opening the door", Gregor said to himself, caught in
some nonsensical hope.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Gregor only needed to hear
the visitor's first words of greeting and he knew who it was - the
chief clerk himself.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Why did Gregor have to be the only one
condemned to work for a company where they immediately became highly
suspicious at the slightest shortcoming?
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in His fall was softened a little by the carpet,
and Gregor's back was also more elastic than he had thought, which
made the sound muffled and not too noticeable.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Gregor tried to imagine whether something of the sort
that had happened to him today could ever happen to the chief clerk
too; you had to concede that it was possible.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in From the room on his right, Gregor's sister whispered to him to let
him know: "Gregor, the chief clerk is here."
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in "Yes, I know", said
Gregor to himself; but without daring to raise his voice loud enough
for his sister to hear him.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in "Gregor", said his father now from the room to his left, "the chief
clerk has come round and wants to know why you didn't leave on the
early train.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Why else would Gregor have missed a train!
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in He's made a little frame, for
instance, it only took him two or three evenings, you'll be amazed
how nice it is; it's hanging up in his room; you'll see it as soon
as Gregor opens the door.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Anyway, I'm glad you're here; we wouldn't
have been able to get Gregor to open the door by ourselves; he's so
stubborn; and I'm sure he isn't well, he said this morning that he
is, but he isn't."
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in "I'll be there in a moment", said Gregor slowly
and thoughtfully, but without moving so that he would not miss any
word of the conversation.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in "No", said Gregor.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Gregor was still there and had not the slightest
intention of abandoning his family.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in It was
only a minor discourtesy, and a suitable excuse could easily be
found for it later on, it was not something for which Gregor could
be sacked on the spot.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in And it seemed to Gregor much more sensible
to leave him now in peace instead of disturbing him with talking at
him and crying.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in "But Sir", called Gregor, beside himself and forgetting all else in
the excitement, "I'll open up immediately, just a moment.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in And while Gregor gushed out these words, hardly knowing what he was
saying, he made his way over to the chest of drawers - this was
easily done, probably because of the practise he had already had in
bed - where he now tried to get himself upright.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in If they were shocked then it would no longer be Gregor's
responsibility and he could rest.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in They communicated
across Gregor's room.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Gregor is ill.  Quick, get the doctor.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Did you hear the way
Gregor spoke just now?"
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Gregor, in contrast, had become much calmer.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Gregor slowly pushed his way over to the door with the chair.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Gregor was greatly encouraged by this; but they all should
have been calling to him, his father and his mother too: "Well done,
Gregor", they should have cried, "keep at it, keep hold of the
lock!"
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in The clear sound
of the lock as it snapped back was Gregor's sign that he could break
his concentration, and as he regained his breath he said to himself:
"So, I didn't need the locksmith after all".
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Gregor's mother, her hair still
dishevelled from bed despite the chief clerk's being there, looked
at his father.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Then she unfolded her arms, took two steps forward
towards Gregor and sank down onto the floor into her skirts that
spread themselves out around her as her head disappeared down onto
her breast.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in His father looked hostile, and clenched his fists as if
wanting to knock Gregor back into his room.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in So Gregor did not go into the room, but leant against the inside of
the other door which was still held bolted in place.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in The washing up from breakfast lay on the
table; there was so much of it because, for Gregor's father,
breakfast was the most important meal of the day and he would
stretch it out for several hours as he sat reading a number of
different newspapers.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in On the wall exactly opposite there was
photograph of Gregor when he was a lieutenant in the army, his sword
in his hand and a carefree smile on his face as he called forth
respect for his uniform and bearing.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in "Now, then", said Gregor, well aware that he was the only one to
have kept calm, "I'll get dressed straight away now, pack up my
samples and set off.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in But the chief clerk had turned away as soon as Gregor had started to
speak, and, with protruding lips, only stared back at him over his
trembling shoulders as he left.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in He did not keep still for a moment
while Gregor was speaking, but moved steadily towards the door
without taking his eyes off him.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Gregor realised that it was out of the question to let the chief
clerk go away in this mood if his position in the firm was not to be
put into extreme danger.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in That was something his parents did not
understand very well; over the years, they had become convinced that
this job would provide for Gregor for his entire life, and besides,
they had so much to worry about at present that they had lost sight
of any thought for the future.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Gregor, though, did think about the
future.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in The chief clerk had to be held back, calmed down, convinced
and finally won over; the future of Gregor and his family depended
on it!
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in She was clever; she was already
in tears while Gregor was still lying peacefully on his back.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in But his sister was not there, Gregor would
have to do the job himself.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in And without considering that he still
was not familiar with how well he could move about in his present
state, or that his speech still might not - or probably would not -
be understood, he let go of the door; pushed himself through the
opening; tried to reach the chief clerk on the landing who,
ridiculously, was holding on to the banister with both hands; but
Gregor fell immediately over and, with a little scream as he sought
something to hold onto, landed on his numerous little legs.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in The way she
held her head suggested she wanted to see Gregor better, but the
unthinking way she was hurrying backwards showed that she did not;
she had forgotten that the table was behind her with all the
breakfast things on it; when she reached the table she sat quickly
down on it without knowing what she was doing; without even seeming
to notice that the coffee pot had been knocked over and a gush of
coffee was pouring down onto the carpet.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in "Mother, mother", said Gregor gently, looking up at her.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Gregor, though, had no time to spare for his parents now; the chief
clerk had already reached the stairs; with his chin on the banister,
he looked back for the last time.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Gregor made a run for him; he
wanted to be sure of reaching him; the chief clerk must have
expected something, as he leapt down several steps at once and
disappeared; his shouts resounding all around the staircase.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in The
flight of the chief clerk seemed, unfortunately, to put Gregor's
father into a panic as well.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Until then he had been relatively self
controlled, but now, instead of running after the chief clerk
himself, or at least not impeding Gregor as he ran after him,
Gregor's father seized the chief clerk's stick in his right hand
(the chief clerk had left it behind on a chair, along with his hat
and overcoat), picked up a large newspaper from the table with his
left, and used them to drive Gregor back into his room, stamping his
foot at him as he went.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Gregor's appeals to his father were of no
help, his appeals were simply not understood, however much he humbly
turned his head his father merely stamped his foot all the harder.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Across the room, despite the chilly weather, Gregor's mother had
pulled open a window, leant far out of it and pressed her hands to
her face.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Nothing would
stop Gregor's father as he drove him back, making hissing noises at
him like a wild man.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Gregor had never had any practice in moving
backwards and was only able to go very slowly.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in If Gregor had only
been allowed to turn round he would have been back in his room
straight away, but he was afraid that if he took the time to do that
his father would become impatient, and there was the threat of a
lethal blow to his back or head from the stick in his father's hand
any moment.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Eventually, though, Gregor realised that he had no
choice as he saw, to his disgust, that he was quite incapable of
going backwards in a straight line; so he began, as quickly as
possible and with frequent anxious glances at his father, to turn
himself round.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in It was making Gregor quite confused.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in In
his present mood, it obviously did not occur to his father to open
the other of the double doors so that Gregor would have enough space
to get through.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in He was merely fixed on the idea that Gregor should
be got back into his room as quickly as possible.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Nor would he ever
have allowed Gregor the time to get himself upright as preparation
for getting through the doorway.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in What he did, making more noise
than ever, was to drive Gregor forwards all the harder as if there
had been nothing in the way; it sounded to Gregor as if there was
now more than one father behind him; it was not a pleasant
experience, and Gregor pushed himself into the doorway without
regard for what might happen.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in It was not until it was getting dark that evening that Gregor awoke
from his deep and coma-like sleep.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in The light from the
electric street lamps shone palely here and there onto the ceiling
and tops of the furniture, but down below, where Gregor was, it was
dark.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Through the crack in the door, Gregor could see that the gas had
been lit in the living room.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in His father at this time would normally
be sat with his evening paper, reading it out in a loud voice to
Gregor's mother, and sometimes to his sister, but there was now not
a sound to be heard.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Gregor's sister would often write and tell him
about this reading, but maybe his father had lost the habit in
recent times.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in "What a quiet life it is the
family lead", said Gregor to himself, and, gazing into the darkness,
felt a great pride that he was able to provide a life like that in
such a nice home for his sister and parents.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in That was something that Gregor did not want to
think about too much, so he started to move about, crawling up and
down the room.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Gregor went and waited
immediately by the door, resolved either to bring the timorous
visitor into the room in some way or at least to find out who it
was; but the door was opened no more that night and Gregor waited in
vain.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in It was clear that no-one would
come into Gregor's room any more until morning; that gave him plenty
of time to think undisturbed about how he would have to re-arrange
his life.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Gregor soon had the opportunity to test the strength of his
decisions, as early the next morning, almost before the night had
ended, his sister, nearly fully dressed, opened the door from the
front room and looked anxiously in.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Gregor had pushed his head forward, right to the edge of the couch,
and watched her.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Gregor was extremely
curious as to what she would bring in its place, imagining the
wildest possibilities, but he never could have guessed what his
sister, in her goodness, actually did bring.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in There were old, half-rotten vegetables; bones
from the evening meal, covered in white sauce that had gone hard; a
few raisins and almonds; some cheese that Gregor had declared
inedible two days before; a dry roll and some bread spread with
butter and salt.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in As well as all that she had poured some water into
the dish, which had probably been permanently set aside for Gregor's
use, and placed it beside them.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Then, out of consideration for
Gregor's feelings, as she knew that he would not eat in front of
her, she hurried out again and even turned the key in the lock so
that Gregor would know he could make things as comfortable for
himself as he liked.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Gregor's little legs whirred, at last he could
eat.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in She had hardly turned her back
before Gregor came out again from under the couch and stretched
himself.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in This was how Gregor received his food each day now, once in the
morning while his parents and the maid were still asleep, and the
second time after everyone had eaten their meal at midday as his
parents would sleep for a little while then as well, and Gregor's
sister would send the maid away on some errand.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Gregor's father and
mother certainly did not want him to starve either, but perhaps it
would have been more than they could stand to have any more
experience of his feeding than being told about it, and perhaps his
sister wanted to spare them what distress she could as they were
indeed suffering enough.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in It was impossible for Gregor to find out what they had told the
doctor and the locksmith that first morning to get them out of the
flat.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in It was only later, when she had become a little more used
to everything - there was, of course, no question of her ever
becoming fully used to the situation - that Gregor would sometimes
catch a friendly comment, or at least a comment that could be
construed as friendly.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Although Gregor wasn't able to hear any news directly he did listen
to much of what was said in the next rooms, and whenever he heard
anyone speaking he would scurry straight to the appropriate door and
press his whole body against it.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in And on
the very first day the maid had fallen to her knees and begged
Gregor's mother to let her go without delay.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in It was not very clear
how much she knew of what had happened but she left within a quarter
of an hour, tearfully thanking Gregor's mother for her dismissal as
if she had done her an enormous service.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Now Gregor's sister also had to help his mother with the cooking;
although that was not so much bother as no-one ate very much.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Gregor often heard how one of them would unsuccessfully urge another
to eat, and receive no more answer than "no thanks, I've had enough"
or something similar.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Even before the first day had come to an end, his father had
explained to Gregor's mother and sister what their finances and
prospects were.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Gregor heard
how he opened the complicated lock and then closed it again after he
had taken the item he wanted.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in What he heard his father say was some
of the first good news that Gregor heard since he had first been
incarcerated in his room.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in He had thought that nothing at all
remained from his father's business, at least he had never told him
anything different, and Gregor had never asked him about it anyway.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Their business misfortune had reduced the family to a state of total
despair, and Gregor's only concern at that time had been to arrange
things so that they could all forget about it as quickly as
possible.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Gregor converted his success at work
straight into cash that he could lay on the table at home for the
benefit of his astonished and delighted family.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in They had been good
times and they had never come again, at least not with the same
splendour, even though Gregor had later earned so much that he was
in a position to bear the costs of the whole family, and did bear
them.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in They had even got used to it, both Gregor and the family,
they took the money with gratitude and he was glad to provide it,
although there was no longer much warm affection given in return.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Gregor only remained close to his sister now.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in During Gregor's short periods in town, conversation with
his sister would often turn to the conservatory but it was only ever
mentioned as a lovely dream that could never be realised.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Their
parents did not like to hear this innocent talk, but Gregor thought
about it quite hard and decided he would let them know what he
planned with a grand announcement of it on Christmas day.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in When explaining things, his father repeated himself several times,
partly because it was a long time since he had been occupied with
these matters himself and partly because Gregor's mother did not
understand everything the first time.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in From these repeated explanations
Gregor learned, to his pleasure, that despite all their misfortunes
there was still some money available from the old days.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Besides that, they had not been using up all the
money that Gregor had been bringing home every month, keeping only a
little for himself, so that that, too, had been accumulating.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Behind the door, Gregor nodded with enthusiasm in his pleasure at
this unexpected thrift and caution.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Would Gregor's elderly mother now have to go
and earn money?
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Whenever they began to talk of the need to earn money,
Gregor would always first let go of the door and then throw himself
onto the cool, leather sofa next to it, as he became quite hot with
shame and regret.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in If Gregor had only been able to speak to his sister and thank her
for all that she had to do for him it would have been easier for him
to bear it; but as it was it caused him pain.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in His sister,
naturally, tried as far as possible to pretend there was nothing
burdensome about it, and the longer it went on, of course, the
better she was able to do so, but as time went by Gregor was also
able to see through it all so much better.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in No sooner
had she come in than she would quickly close the door as a
precaution so that no-one would have to suffer the view into
Gregor's room, then she would go straight to the window and pull it
hurriedly open almost as if she were suffocating.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in She would alarm Gregor twice a day with this running about
and noise making; he would stay under the couch shivering the whole
while, knowing full well that she would certainly have liked to
spare him this ordeal, but it was impossible for her to be in the
same room with him with the windows closed.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in One day, about a month after Gregor's transformation when his sister
no longer had any particular reason to be shocked at his appearance,
she came into the room a little earlier than usual and found him
still staring out the window, motionless, and just where he would be
most horrible.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in In itself, his sister's not coming into the room
would have been no surprise for Gregor as it would have been
difficult for her to immediately open the window while he was still
there, but not only did she not come in, she went straight back and
closed the door behind her, a stranger would have thought he had
threatened her and tried to bite her.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Gregor went straight to hide
himself under the couch, of course, but he had to wait until midday
before his sister came back and she seemed much more uneasy than
usual.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in If she did not think this sheet was necessary then all she had to do
was take it off again, as it was clear enough that it was no
pleasure for Gregor to cut himself off so completely.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Gregor even thought he glimpsed a look of
gratitude one time when he carefully looked out from under the sheet
to see how his sister liked the new arrangement.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in For the first fourteen days, Gregor's parents could not bring
themselves to come into the room to see him.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in But now the two of
them, father and mother, would often both wait outside the door of
Gregor's room while his sister tidied up in there, and as soon as
she went out again she would have to tell them exactly how
everything looked, what Gregor had eaten, how he had behaved this
time and whether, perhaps, any slight improvement could be seen.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in His mother also wanted to go in and visit Gregor relatively soon but
his father and sister at first persuaded her against it.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Gregor
listened very closely to all this, and approved fully.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Later,
though, she had to be held back by force, which made her call out:
"Let me go and see Gregor, he is my unfortunate son!
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in ", and Gregor would think to himself
that maybe it would be better if his mother came in, not every day
of course, but one day a week, perhaps; she could understand
everything much better than his sister who, for all her courage, was
still just a child after all, and really might not have had an
adult's appreciation of the burdensome job she had taken on.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Gregor's wish to see his mother was soon realised.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Out of
consideration for his parents, Gregor wanted to avoid being seen at
the window during the day, the few square meters of the floor did
not give him much room to crawl about, it was hard to just lie
quietly through the night, his food soon stopped giving him any
pleasure at all, and so, to entertain himself, he got into the habit
of crawling up and down the walls and ceiling.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Very soon his sister
noticed Gregor's new way of entertaining himself - he had, after
all, left traces of the adhesive from his feet as he crawled about -
and got it into her head to make it as easy as possible for him by
removing the furniture that got in his way, especially the chest of
drawers and the desk.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Now, this was not something that she would be
able to do by herself; she did not dare to ask for help from her
father; the sixteen year old maid had carried on bravely since the
cook had left but she certainly would not have helped in this, she
had even asked to be allowed to keep the kitchen locked at all times
and never to have to open the door unless it was especially
important; so his sister had no choice but to choose some time when
Gregor's father was not there and fetch his mother to help her.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in As
she approached the room, Gregor could hear his mother express her
joy, but once at the door she went silent.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Gregor had
hurriedly pulled the sheet down lower over the couch and put more
folds into it so that everything really looked as if it had just
been thrown down by chance.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Gregor also refrained, this time, from
spying out from under the sheet; he gave up the chance to see his
mother until later and was simply glad that she had come.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in The old chest of drawers was too heavy for a pair
of feeble women to be heaving about, but Gregor listened as they
pushed it from its place, his sister always taking on the heaviest
part of the work for herself and ignoring her mother's warnings that
she would strain herself.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in After
labouring at it for fifteen minutes or more his mother said it would
be better to leave the chest where it was, for one thing it was too
heavy for them to get the job finished before Gregor's father got
home and leaving it in the middle of the room it would be in his way
even more, and for another thing it wasn't even sure that taking the
furniture away would really be any help to him.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in She thought just
the opposite; the sight of the bare walls saddened her right to her
heart; and why wouldn't Gregor feel the same way about it, he'd been
used to this furniture in his room for a long time and it would make
him feel abandoned to be in an empty room like that.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Then, quietly,
almost whispering as if wanting Gregor (whose whereabouts she did
not know) to hear not even the tone of her voice, as she was
convinced that he did not understand her words, she added "and by
taking the furniture away, won't it seem like we're showing that
we've given up all hope of improvement and we're abandoning him to
cope for himself?
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in I think it'd be best to leave the room exactly the
way it was before so that when Gregor comes back to us again he'll
find everything unchanged and he'll be able to forget the time in
between all the easier".
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Hearing these words from his mother made Gregor realise that the
lack of any direct human communication, along with the monotonous
life led by the family during these two months, must have made him
confused - he could think of no other way of explaining to himself
why he had seriously wanted his room emptied out.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in His sister, unfortunately, did not agree; she had become used to the
idea, not without reason, that she was Gregor's spokesman to his
parents about the things that concerned him.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in It was more than childish perversity, of course, or the
unexpected confidence she had recently acquired, that made her
insist; she had indeed noticed that Gregor needed a lot of room to
crawl about in, whereas the furniture, as far as anyone could see,
was of no use to him at all.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Perhaps this was what tempted Grete to make Gregor's
situation seem even more shocking than it was so that she could do
even more for him.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Grete would probably be the only one who would
dare enter a room dominated by Gregor crawling about the bare walls
by himself.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Gregor's mother
already looked uneasy in his room, she soon stopped speaking and
helped Gregor's sister to get the chest of drawers out with what
strength she had.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in The chest of drawers was something that Gregor
could do without if he had to, but the writing desk had to stay.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Hardly had the two women pushed the chest of drawers, groaning, out
of the room than Gregor poked his head out from under the couch to
see what he could do about it.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in His mother was not used to
the sight of Gregor, he might have made her ill, so Gregor hurried
backwards to the far end of the couch.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Gregor kept trying to assure himself that nothing unusual was
happening, it was just a few pieces of furniture being moved after
all, but he soon had to admit that the women going to and fro, their
little calls to each other, the scraping of the furniture on the
floor, all these things made him feel as if he were being assailed
from all sides.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in This picture at least, now totally covered by Gregor, would
certainly be taken away by no-one.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Her eyes met those of Gregor on the wall.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Gregor could see what Grete had in mind,
she wanted to take her mother somewhere safe and then chase him down
from the wall.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in But Grete's words had made her mother quite worried, she stepped to
one side, saw the enormous brown patch against the flowers of the
wallpaper, and before she even realised it was Gregor that she saw
screamed: "Oh God, oh God!"
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in "Gregor!"
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in She ran into the other room to fetch some kind of
smelling salts to bring her mother out of her faint; Gregor wanted
to help too - he could save his picture later, although he stuck
fast to the glass and had to pull himself off by force; then he,
too, ran into the next room as if he could advise his sister like in
the old days; but he had to just stand behind her doing nothing; she
was looking into various bottles, he startled her when she turned
round; a bottle fell to the ground and broke; a splinter cut
Gregor's face, some kind of caustic medicine splashed all over him;
now, without delaying any longer, Grete took hold of all the bottles
she could and ran with them in to her mother; she slammed the door
shut with her foot.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in So now Gregor was shut out from his mother,
who, because of him, might be near to death; he could not open the
door if he did not want to chase his sister away, and she had to
stay with his mother; there was nothing for him to do but wait; and,
oppressed with anxiety and self-reproach, he began to crawl about,
he crawled over everything, walls, furniture, ceiling, and finally
in his confusion as the whole room began to spin around him he fell
down into the middle of the dinner table.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Gregor got out."
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in It was clear to Gregor that Grete had
not said enough and that his father took it to mean that something
bad had happened, that he was responsible for some act of violence.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in That meant Gregor would now have to try to calm his father, as he
did not have the time to explain things to him even if that had been
possible.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in So he fled to the door of his room and pressed himself
against it so that his father, when he came in from the hall, could
see straight away that Gregor had the best intentions and would go
back into his room without delay, that it would not be necessary to
drive him back but that they had only to open the door and he would
disappear.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Gregor drew his head back from the
door and lifted it towards his father.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in The same tired man as used to be laying
there entombed in his bed when Gregor came back from his business
trips, who would receive him sitting in the armchair in his
nightgown when he came back in the evenings; who was hardly even
able to stand up but, as a sign of his pleasure, would just raise
his arms and who, on the couple of times a year when they went for a
walk together on a Sunday or public holiday wrapped up tightly in
his overcoat between Gregor and his mother, would always labour his
way forward a little more slowly than them, who were already walking
slowly for his sake; who would place his stick down carefully and,
if he wanted to say something would invariably stop and gather his
companions around him.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in He took his cap, with its gold monogram from, probably, some
bank, and threw it in an arc right across the room onto the sofa,
put his hands in his trouser pockets, pushing back the bottom of his
long uniform coat, and, with look of determination, walked towards
Gregor.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Gregor was amazed
at the enormous size of the soles of his boots, but wasted no time
with that - he knew full well, right from the first day of his new
life, that his father thought it necessary to always be extremely
strict with him.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Gregor remained
all this time on the floor, largely because he feared his father
might see it as especially provoking if he fled onto the wall or
ceiling.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Whatever he did, Gregor had to admit that he certainly
would not be able to keep up this running about for long, as for
each step his father took he had to carry out countless movements.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in It was an apple; then another one
immediately flew at him; Gregor froze in shock; there was no longer
any point in running as his father had decided to bombard him.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in An apple
thrown without much force glanced against Gregor's back and slid off
without doing any harm.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Another one however, immediately following
it, hit squarely and lodged in his back; Gregor wanted to drag
himself away, as if he could remove the surprising, the incredible
pain by changing his position; but he felt as if nailed to the spot
and spread himself out, all his senses in confusion.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in The last thing
he saw was the door of his room being pulled open, his sister was
screaming, his mother ran out in front of her in her blouse (as his
sister had taken off some of her clothes after she had fainted to
make it easier for her to breathe), she ran to his father, her
skirts unfastened and sliding one after another to the ground,
stumbling over the skirts she pushed herself to his father, her arms
around him, uniting herself with him totally - now Gregor lost his
ability to see anything - her hands behind his father's head begging
him to spare Gregor's life.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in No-one dared to remove the apple lodged in Gregor's flesh, so it
remained there as a visible reminder of his injury.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in He had suffered
it there for more than a month, and his condition seemed serious
enough to remind even his father that Gregor, despite his current
sad and revolting form, was a family member who could not be treated
as an enemy.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Because of his injuries, Gregor had lost much of his mobility -
probably permanently.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in They no longer held the lively conversations of earlier times, of
course, the ones that Gregor always thought about with longing when
he was tired and getting into the damp bed in some small hotel room.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Sometimes his father would wake up and say to Gregor's mother
"you're doing so much sewing again today!
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in With a kind of stubbornness, Gregor's father refused to take his
uniform off even at home; while his nightgown hung unused on its peg
Gregor's father would slumber where he was, fully dressed, as if
always ready to serve and expecting to hear the voice of his
superior even here.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in The uniform had not been new to start with, but
as a result of this it slowly became even shabbier despite the
efforts of Gregor's mother and sister to look after it.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Gregor
would often spend the whole evening looking at all the stains on
this coat, with its gold buttons always kept polished and shiny,
while the old man in it would sleep, highly uncomfortable but
peaceful.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in As soon as it struck ten, Gregor's mother would speak gently to his
father to wake him and try to persuade him to go to bed, as he
couldn't sleep properly where he was and he really had to get his
sleep if he was to be up at six to get to work.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Gregor's mother would tug at his
sleeve, whisper endearments into his ear, Gregor's sister would
leave her work to help her mother, but nothing would have any effect
on him.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in And supported by the two women he would
lift himself up carefully as if he were carrying the greatest load
himself, let the women take him to the door, send them off and carry
on by himself while Gregor's mother would throw down her needle and
his sister her pen so that they could run after his father and
continue being of help to him.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Who, in this tired and overworked family, would have had time to
give more attention to Gregor than was absolutely necessary?
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in The
household budget became even smaller; so now the maid was dismissed;
an enormous, thick-boned charwoman with white hair that flapped
around her head came every morning and evening to do the heaviest
work; everything else was looked after by Gregor's mother on top of
the large amount of sewing work she did.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Gregor even learned,
listening to the evening conversation about what price they had
hoped for, that several items of jewellery belonging to the family
had been sold, even though both mother and sister had been very fond
of wearing them at functions and celebrations.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in But the loudest
complaint was that although the flat was much too big for their
present circumstances, they could not move out of it, there was no
imaginable way of transferring Gregor to the new address.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in They carried out absolutely everything that the world expects
from poor people, Gregor's father brought bank employees their
breakfast, his mother sacrificed herself by washing clothes for
strangers, his sister ran back and forth behind her desk at the
behest of the customers, but they just did not have the strength to
do any more.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in And the injury in Gregor's back began to hurt as much
as when it was new.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in After they had come back from taking his father
to bed Gregor's mother and sister would now leave their work where
it was and sit close together, cheek to cheek; his mother would
point to Gregor's room and say "Close that door, Grete", and then,
when he was in the dark again, they would sit in the next room and
their tears would mingle, or they would simply sit there staring
dry-eyed at the table.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Gregor hardly slept at all, either night or day.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Gregor's sister no longer thought about
how she could please him but would hurriedly push some food or other
into his room with her foot before she rushed out to work in the
morning and at midday, and in the evening she would sweep it away
again with the broom, indifferent as to whether it had been eaten or
- more often than not - had been left totally untouched.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in At first, Gregor
went into one of the worst of these places when his sister arrived
as a reproach to her, but he could have stayed there for weeks
without his sister doing anything about it; she could see the dirt
as well as he could but she had simply decided to leave him to it.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in At the same time she became touchy in a way that was quite new for
her and which everyone in the family understood - cleaning up
Gregor's room was for her and her alone.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Gregor's mother did once
thoroughly clean his room, and needed to use several bucketfuls of
water to do it - although that much dampness also made Gregor ill
and he lay flat on the couch, bitter and immobile.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in But his mother
was to be punished still more for what she had done, as hardly had
his sister arrived home in the evening than she noticed the change
in Gregor's room and, highly aggrieved, ran back into the living
room where, despite her mothers raised and imploring hands, she
broke into convulsive tears.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Her father, of course, was startled
out of his chair and the two parents looked on astonished and
helpless; then they, too, became agitated; Gregor's father, standing
to the right of his mother, accused her of not leaving the cleaning
of Gregor's room to his sister; from her left, Gregor's sister
screamed at her that she was never to clean Gregor's room again;
while his mother tried to draw his father, who was beside himself
with anger, into the bedroom; his sister, quaking with tears,
thumped on the table with her small fists; and Gregor hissed in
anger that no-one had even thought of closing the door to save him
the sight of this and all its noise.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Gregor's sister was exhausted from going out to work, and looking
after Gregor as she had done before was even more work for her, but
even so his mother ought certainly not to have taken her place.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Gregor, on the other hand, ought not to be neglected.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in This elderly widow, with a robust bone
structure that made her able to withstand the hardest of things in
her long life, wasn't really repelled by Gregor.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Just by chance one
day, rather than any real curiosity, she opened the door to Gregor's
room and found herself face to face with him.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Gregor never
responded to being spoken to in that way, but just remained where he
was without moving as if the door had never even been opened.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Gregor was so resentful of it
that he started to move toward her, he was slow and infirm, but it
was like a kind of attack.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Instead of being afraid, the charwoman
just lifted up one of the chairs from near the door and stood there
with her mouth open, clearly intending not to close her mouth until
the chair in her hand had been slammed down into Gregor's back.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in ", she asked when Gregor turned
round again, and she calmly put the chair back in the corner.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Gregor had almost entirely stopped eating.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in These earnest gentlemen - all three of them had
full beards, as Gregor learned peering through the crack in the door
one day - were painfully insistent on things' being tidy.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in All these things found
their way into Gregor's room.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in The woman most likely meant to fetch the
things back out again when she had time and the opportunity, or to
throw everything out in one go, but what actually happened was that
they were left where they landed when they had first been thrown
unless Gregor made his way through the junk and moved it somewhere
else.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in But
Gregor found it easy to give up having the door open, he had, after
all, often failed to make use of it when it was open and, without
the family having noticed it, lain in his room in its darkest
corner.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in They sat up at the table where, formerly, Gregor had taken his meals
with his father and mother, they unfolded the serviettes and picked
up their knives and forks.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Gregor's mother immediately appeared in
the doorway with a dish of meat and soon behind her came his sister
with a dish piled high with potatoes.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in It was to his satisfaction, and Gregor's mother and
sister, who had been looking on anxiously, began to breathe again
and smiled.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Nonetheless, Gregor's
father came into the living room before he went into the kitchen,
bowed once with his cap in his hand and did his round of the table.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in It
seemed remarkable to Gregor that above all the various noises of
eating their chewing teeth could still be heard, as if they had
wanted to show Gregor that you need teeth in order to eat and it was
not possible to perform anything with jaws that are toothless
however nice they might be.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in "I'd like to eat something", said
Gregor anxiously, "but not anything like they're eating.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Throughout all this time, Gregor could not remember having heard the
violin being played, but this evening it began to be heard from the
kitchen.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Someone must have heard them in
the kitchen, as Gregor's father called out: "Is the playing perhaps
unpleasant for the gentlemen?
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in "Oh yes, we'd love to",
called back Gregor's father as if he had been the violin player
himself.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Gregor's father soon appeared with the music stand, his mother with
the music and his sister with the violin.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Drawn in by the
playing, Gregor had dared to come forward a little and already had
his head in the living room.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in The family was totally preoccupied with
the violin playing; at first, the three gentlemen had put their
hands in their pockets and come up far too close behind the music
stand to look at all the notes being played, and they must have
disturbed Gregor's sister, but soon, in contrast with the family,
they  withdrew back to the window with their heads sunk and talking
to each other at half volume, and they stayed by the window while
Gregor's father observed them anxiously.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Yet Gregor's sister
was playing so beautifully.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Gregor crawled a little further forward, keeping his
head close to the ground so that he could meet her eyes if the
chance came.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in On hearing all this, his sister would break
out in tears of emotion, and Gregor would climb up to her shoulder
and kiss her neck, which, since she had been going out to work, she
had kept free without any necklace or collar.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in ", shouted the middle gentleman to Gregor's father,
pointing, without wasting any more words, with his forefinger at
Gregor as he slowly moved forward.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in The violin went silent, the
middle of the three gentlemen first smiled at his two friends,
shaking his head, and then looked back at Gregor.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in His father seemed
to think it more important to calm the three gentlemen before
driving Gregor out, even though they were not at all upset and
seemed to think Gregor was more entertaining than the violin playing
had been.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in He rushed up to them with his arms spread out and
attempted to drive them back into their room at the same time as
trying to block their view of Gregor with his body.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Now they did
become a little annoyed, and it was not clear whether it was his
father's behaviour that annoyed them or the dawning realisation that
they had had a neighbour like Gregor in the next room without
knowing it.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in They asked Gregor's father for explanations, raised
their arms like he had, tugged excitedly at their beards and moved
back towards their room only very slowly.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Meanwhile Gregor's sister
had overcome the despair she had fallen into when her playing was
suddenly interrupted.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Gregor's father
seemed so obsessed with what he was doing that he forgot all the
respect he owed to his tenants.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in He urged them and pressed them
until, when he was already at the door of the room, the middle of
the three gentlemen shouted like thunder and stamped his foot and
thereby brought Gregor's father to a halt.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in "I declare here and
now", he said, raising his hand and glancing at Gregor's mother and
sister to gain their attention too, "that with regard to the
repugnant conditions that prevail in this flat and with this family"
- here he looked briefly but decisively at the floor - "I give
immediate notice on my room.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Gregor's father staggered back to his seat, feeling his way with his
hands, and fell into it; it looked as if he was stretching himself
out for his usual evening nap but from the uncontrolled way his head
kept nodding it could be seen that he was not sleeping at all.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Throughout all this, Gregor had lain still where the three gentlemen
had first seen him.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in "She's absolutely right", said Gregor's father to himself.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Gregor's sister rushed to his mother and put her hand on her
forehead.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Her words seemed to give Gregor's father some more
definite ideas.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in He sat upright, played with his uniform cap between
the plates left by the three gentlemen after their meal, and
occasionally looked down at Gregor as he lay there immobile.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in "We have to try and get rid of it", said Gregor's sister, now
speaking only to her father, as her mother was too occupied with
coughing to listen, "it'll be the death of both of you, I can see it
coming.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in "If he could just understand us", repeated Gregor's father, closing
his eyes in acceptance of his sister's certainty that that was quite
impossible, "then perhaps we could come to some kind of arrangement
with him.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in You've got to get rid of the idea that that's Gregor.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in How can that be
Gregor?
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in If it were Gregor he would have seen long ago that it's not
possible for human beings to live with an animal like that and he
would have gone of his own free will.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in In her alarm,
which was totally beyond Gregor's comprehension, his sister even
abandoned his mother as she pushed herself vigorously out of her
chair as if more willing to sacrifice her own mother than stay
anywhere near Gregor.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in She rushed over to behind her father, who had
become excited merely because she was and stood up half raising his
hands in front of Gregor's sister as if to protect her.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in But Gregor had had no intention of frightening anyone, least of all
his sister.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in "Maybe now they'll let me turn round", thought Gregor and went back
to work.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in The sudden noise behind Gregor so startled him
that his little legs collapsed under him.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in She had been standing there waiting and
sprung forward lightly, Gregor had not heard her coming at all, and
as she turned the key in the lock she said loudly to her parents "At
last!".
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in ", Gregor asked himself as he looked round in the
darkness.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in When the cleaner came in early in the morning - they'd often asked
her not to keep slamming the doors but with her strength and in her
hurry she still did, so that everyone in the flat knew when she'd
arrived and from then on it was impossible to sleep in peace - she
made her usual brief look in on Gregor and at first found nothing
special.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in She happened to be holding the long broom in her hand, so she
tried to tickle Gregor with it from the doorway.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Mr. Samsa threw the blanket over his
shoulders,  Mrs. Samsa just came out in her nightdress; and that is
how they went into Gregor's room.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in "That's what I said",  replied the
cleaner, and to prove it she gave Gregor's body another shove with
the broom, sending it sideways across the floor.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in Gregor's
body was indeed completely dried up and flat, they had not seen it
until then, but now he was not lifted up on his little legs, nor did
he do anything to make them look away.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in She just put her finger on her lips and made a quick and
silent sign to the men that they might like to come into Gregor's
room.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in They did so, and stood around Gregor's corpse with their
hands in the pockets of their well-worn coats.
il nome (u'Gregor', 57) è contenuto in The greatest
improvement for the time being, of course, would be achieved quite
easily by moving house; what they needed now was a flat that was
smaller and cheaper than the current one which had been chosen by
Gregor, one that was in a better location and, most of all, more
practical.
Analisi per il nome: (u'Gregor', 57)
la frase più corta in cui compare (u'Gregor', 57) è: Gregor!"
la frase più lunga in cui compare (u'Gregor', 57) è: She ran into the other room to fetch some kind of
smelling salts to bring her mother out of her faint; Gregor wanted
to help too - he could save his picture later, although he stuck
fast to the glass and had to pull himself off by force; then he,
too, ran into the next room as if he could advise his sister like in
the old days; but he had to just stand behind her doing nothing; she
was looking into various bottles, he startled her when she turned
round; a bottle fell to the ground and broke; a splinter cut
Gregor's face, some kind of caustic medicine splashed all over him;
now, without delaying any longer, Grete took hold of all the bottles
she could and ran with them in to her mother; she slammed the door
shut with her foot.
i dieci luoghi più frequenti per (u'Gregor', 57) sono [(u'Gregor', 224), (u'Grete', 16), (u'Please', 3), (u"Gregor's", 3), (u'Nothing', 2), (u'Heaven', 1), (u'Leant', 1), (u'Charlottenstrasse', 1), (u'Samsa', 1), (u'Someone', 1)]
le dieci persone più frequenti (u'Gregor', 57) sono [(u'Gregor', 280), (u"Gregor's", 9), (u'Grete', 7), (u'Samsa', 3), (u'God', 2), (u'Sir', 1), (u'Oh', 1), (u'Did', 1), (u'Well', 1), (u'Sunday', 1)]
i dieci sostantivi più frequenti per (u'Gregor', 57) sono [(u'Gregor', 283), (u'father', 66), (u'room', 62), (u'sister', 61), (u'mother', 59), (u'door', 37), (u'time', 27), (u'way', 22), (u'family', 17), (u'clerk', 15)]
i dieci verbi più frequenti per (u'Gregor', 57) sono [(u'was', 170), (u'had', 157), (u'would', 93), (u'be', 54), (u'could', 48), (u'have', 42), (u'been', 40), (u'did', 37), (u'said', 20), (u'see', 18)]
i mesi, i giorni e le date trovati per (u'Gregor', 57) sono: set([u'may'])
i mesi, i giorni e le date trovati per (u'Gregor', 57) sono: set([u'may'])
i mesi, i giorni e le date trovati per (u'Gregor', 57) sono: set([u'may', u'Sunday'])
i mesi, i giorni e le date trovati per (u'Gregor', 57) sono: set([u'may', u'May', u'Sunday'])
la frase lunga minimo 8 token e massimo 12 con probabilità più alta per (u'Gregor', 57)  è:'  The greatest
improvement for the time being, of course, would be achieved quite
easily by moving house; what they needed now was a flat that was
smaller and cheaper than the current one which had been chosen by
Gregor, one that was in a better location and, most of all, more
practical. ' e la sua probabilità è 4.2692429781e-25
Analisi per il nome: (u'Mr.Samsa', 16)
i dieci luoghi più frequenti per (u'Mr.Samsa', 16) sono [(u'Gregor', 224), (u'Grete', 16), (u'Please', 3), (u"Gregor's", 3), (u'Nothing', 2), (u'Heaven', 1), (u'Leant', 1), (u'Charlottenstrasse', 1), (u'Samsa', 1), (u'Someone', 1)]
le dieci persone più frequenti (u'Mr.Samsa', 16) sono []
i dieci sostantivi più frequenti per (u'Mr.Samsa', 16) sono []
i dieci verbi più frequenti per (u'Mr.Samsa', 16) sono []
la frase lunga minimo 8 token e massimo 12 con probabilità più alta per (u'Mr.Samsa', 16)  è:'  And, as if in confirmation of their new dreams and good
intentions, as soon as they reached their destination Grete was the
first to get up and stretch out her young body. ' e la sua probabilità è 4.2692429781e-25
il nome (u'Grete', 9) è contenuto in Grete!
il nome (u'Grete', 9) è contenuto in Grete!"
il nome (u'Grete', 9) è contenuto in Perhaps this was what tempted Grete to make Gregor's
situation seem even more shocking than it was so that she could do
even more for him.
il nome (u'Grete', 9) è contenuto in Grete would probably be the only one who would
dare enter a room dominated by Gregor crawling about the bare walls
by himself.
il nome (u'Grete', 9) è contenuto in He meant to be as careful and
considerate as he could, but, unfortunately, it was his mother who
came back first while Grete in the next room had her arms round the
chest, pushing and pulling at it from side to side by herself
without, of course, moving it an inch.
il nome (u'Grete', 9) è contenuto in She stood
very still, remained there a moment, and then went back out to
Grete.
il nome (u'Grete', 9) è contenuto in They had not allowed themselves a long rest and came back quite
soon; Grete had put her arm around her mother and was nearly
carrying her.
il nome (u'Grete', 9) è contenuto in ", said Grete and
looked around.
il nome (u'Grete', 9) è contenuto in Gregor could see what Grete had in mind,
she wanted to take her mother somewhere safe and then chase him down
from the wall.
il nome (u'Grete', 9) è contenuto in He would rather jump at Grete's face.
il nome (u'Grete', 9) è contenuto in But Grete's words had made her mother quite worried, she stepped to
one side, saw the enormous brown patch against the flowers of the
wallpaper, and before she even realised it was Gregor that she saw
screamed: "Oh God, oh God!"
il nome (u'Grete', 9) è contenuto in She ran into the other room to fetch some kind of
smelling salts to bring her mother out of her faint; Gregor wanted
to help too - he could save his picture later, although he stuck
fast to the glass and had to pull himself off by force; then he,
too, ran into the next room as if he could advise his sister like in
the old days; but he had to just stand behind her doing nothing; she
was looking into various bottles, he startled her when she turned
round; a bottle fell to the ground and broke; a splinter cut
Gregor's face, some kind of caustic medicine splashed all over him;
now, without delaying any longer, Grete took hold of all the bottles
she could and ran with them in to her mother; she slammed the door
shut with her foot.
il nome (u'Grete', 9) è contenuto in The maid, of course, had locked herself in her kitchen so
that Grete would have to go and answer it.
il nome (u'Grete', 9) è contenuto in were his first words; Grete's appearance
must have made everything clear to him.
il nome (u'Grete', 9) è contenuto in It was clear to Gregor that Grete had
not said enough and that his father took it to mean that something
bad had happened, that he was responsible for some act of violence.
il nome (u'Grete', 9) è contenuto in After they had come back from taking his father
to bed Gregor's mother and sister would now leave their work where
it was and sit close together, cheek to cheek; his mother would
point to Gregor's room and say "Close that door, Grete", and then,
when he was in the dark again, they would sit in the next room and
their tears would mingle, or they would simply sit there staring
dry-eyed at the table.
il nome (u'Grete', 9) è contenuto in On the way they opened the door
to the living room where Grete had been sleeping since the three
gentlemen had moved in; she was fully dressed as if she had never
been asleep, and the paleness of her face seemed to confirm this.
il nome (u'Grete', 9) è contenuto in Grete, who had not taken her eyes from the corpse, said:
"Just look how thin he was.
il nome (u'Grete', 9) è contenuto in "Grete, come with us in here for a little while", said  Mrs. Samsa
with a pained smile, and Grete followed her parents into the bedroom
but not without looking back at the body.
il nome (u'Grete', 9) è contenuto in All
of them had been crying a little; Grete now and then pressed her
face against her father's arm.
il nome (u'Grete', 9) è contenuto in So they sat at the table and wrote
three letters of excusal,  Mr. Samsa to his employers,  Mrs. Samsa
to her contractor and Grete to her principal.
il nome (u'Grete', 9) è contenuto in Mrs. Samsa and Grete bent down over
their letters as if intent on continuing with what they were
writing;  Mr. Samsa saw that the cleaner wanted to start describing
everything in detail but, with outstretched hand, he made it quite
clear that she was not to.
il nome (u'Grete', 9) è contenuto in All the time, Grete was becoming livelier.
il nome (u'Grete', 9) è contenuto in And, as if in confirmation of their new dreams and good
intentions, as soon as they reached their destination Grete was the
first to get up and stretch out her young body.
Analisi per il nome: (u'Grete', 9)
la frase più corta in cui compare (u'Grete', 9) è: Grete!
la frase più lunga in cui compare (u'Grete', 9) è: She ran into the other room to fetch some kind of
smelling salts to bring her mother out of her faint; Gregor wanted
to help too - he could save his picture later, although he stuck
fast to the glass and had to pull himself off by force; then he,
too, ran into the next room as if he could advise his sister like in
the old days; but he had to just stand behind her doing nothing; she
was looking into various bottles, he startled her when she turned
round; a bottle fell to the ground and broke; a splinter cut
Gregor's face, some kind of caustic medicine splashed all over him;
now, without delaying any longer, Grete took hold of all the bottles
she could and ran with them in to her mother; she slammed the door
shut with her foot.
i dieci luoghi più frequenti per (u'Grete', 9) sono [(u'Gregor', 224), (u'Grete', 16), (u'Please', 3), (u"Gregor's", 3), (u'Nothing', 2), (u'Heaven', 1), (u'Leant', 1), (u'Charlottenstrasse', 1), (u'Samsa', 1), (u'Someone', 1)]
le dieci persone più frequenti (u'Grete', 9) sono [(u'Grete', 23), (u'Gregor', 7), (u'Samsa', 5), (u'Mrs.', 3), (u'God', 2), (u'Mr.', 2), (u'Just', 1), (u'Oh', 1), (u"Gregor's", 1), (u'Close', 1)]
i dieci sostantivi più frequenti per (u'Grete', 9) sono [(u'Grete', 25), (u'mother', 8), (u'room', 7), (u'Gregor', 7), (u'Samsa', 5), (u'face', 4), (u'father', 3), (u'Mrs.', 3), (u'door', 3), (u'course', 2)]
i dieci verbi più frequenti per (u'Grete', 9) sono [(u'had', 16), (u'was', 15), (u'would', 9), (u'could', 6), (u'said', 4), (u'wanted', 3), (u'been', 3), (u'made', 3), (u'ran', 3), (u'saw', 3)]
la frase lunga minimo 8 token e massimo 12 con probabilità più alta per (u'Grete', 9)  è:'  And, as if in confirmation of their new dreams and good
intentions, as soon as they reached their destination Grete was the
first to get up and stretch out her young body. ' e la sua probabilità è 3.22273586444e-24
il nome (u'Samsa', 6) è contenuto in One morning, when Gregor Samsa woke from troubled dreams, he found
himself transformed in his bed into a horrible vermin.
il nome (u'Samsa', 6) è contenuto in A collection of textile samples
lay spread out on the table - Samsa was a travelling salesman - and
above it there hung a picture that he had recently cut out of an
illustrated magazine and housed in a nice, gilded frame.
il nome (u'Samsa', 6) è contenuto in Then the chief clerk called "Good morning,  Mr. Samsa".
il nome (u'Samsa', 6) è contenuto in "Well I can't think of any other way of
explaining it,  Mrs. Samsa", said the chief clerk, "I hope it's
nothing serious.
il nome (u'Samsa', 6) è contenuto in The chief clerk now raised his voice, "Mr. Samsa", he called to him,
"what is wrong?
il nome (u'Samsa', 6) è contenuto in Your turnover has been very unsatisfactory of late; I grant you that
it's not the time of year to do especially good business, we
recognise that; but there simply is no time of year to do no
business at all,  Mr. Samsa, we cannot allow there to be."
il nome (u'Samsa', 6) è contenuto in Samsa!
il nome (u'Samsa', 6) è contenuto in Mr. and  Mrs. Samsa sat upright there in their marriage bed and had
to make an effort to get over the shock caused by the cleaner before
they could grasp what she was saying.
il nome (u'Samsa', 6) è contenuto in Mr. Samsa threw the blanket over his
shoulders,  Mrs. Samsa just came out in her nightdress; and that is
how they went into Gregor's room.
il nome (u'Samsa', 6) è contenuto in ", asked  Mrs. Samsa, looking at the charwoman enquiringly,
even though she could have checked for herself and could have known
it even without checking.
il nome (u'Samsa', 6) è contenuto in Mrs. Samsa made a
movement as if she wanted to hold back the broom, but did not
complete it.
il nome (u'Samsa', 6) è contenuto in "Now then", said  Mr. Samsa, "let's give thanks to God
for that".
il nome (u'Samsa', 6) è contenuto in "Grete, come with us in here for a little while", said  Mrs. Samsa
with a pained smile, and Grete followed her parents into the bedroom
but not without looking back at the body.
il nome (u'Samsa', 6) è contenuto in Then the door of the bedroom opened and  Mr. Samsa appeared in his
uniform with his wife on one arm and his daughter on the other.
il nome (u'Samsa', 6) è contenuto in ", said  Mr. Samsa, indicating the door and
without letting the women from him.
il nome (u'Samsa', 6) è contenuto in "I mean just what I
said", answered  Mr. Samsa, and, with his two companions, went in a
straight line towards the man.
il nome (u'Samsa', 6) è contenuto in "Alright, we'll go
then", he said, and looked up at  Mr. Samsa as if he had been
suddenly overcome with humility and wanted permission again from
Mr. Samsa for his decision.
il nome (u'Samsa', 6) è contenuto in Mr. Samsa merely opened his eyes wide
and briefly nodded to him several times.
il nome (u'Samsa', 6) è contenuto in Now they
jumped off after their friend as if taken with a sudden fear that
Mr. Samsa might go into the hallway in front of them and break the
connection with their leader.
il nome (u'Samsa', 6) è contenuto in Mr. Samsa and the two women followed
them out onto the landing; but they had had no reason to mistrust
the men's intentions and as they leaned over the landing they saw how
the three gentlemen made slow but steady progress down the many
steps.
il nome (u'Samsa', 6) è contenuto in As they turned the corner on each floor they disappeared and
would reappear a few moments later; the further down they went, the
more that the Samsa family lost interest in them; when a butcher's
boy, proud of posture with his tray on his head, passed them on his
way up and came nearer than they were,  Mr. Samsa and the women came
away from the landing and went, as if relieved, back into the flat.
il nome (u'Samsa', 6) è contenuto in So they sat at the table and wrote
three letters of excusal,  Mr. Samsa to his employers,  Mrs. Samsa
to her contractor and Grete to her principal.
il nome (u'Samsa', 6) è contenuto in ", asked  Mr. Samsa.
il nome (u'Samsa', 6) è contenuto in The almost vertical little ostrich feather on her hat, which
had been a source of irritation to  Mr. Samsa all the time she had
been working for them, swayed gently in all directions.
il nome (u'Samsa', 6) è contenuto in ", asked  Mrs. Samsa, whom the cleaner had the most
respect for.
il nome (u'Samsa', 6) è contenuto in Mrs. Samsa and Grete bent down over
their letters as if intent on continuing with what they were
writing;  Mr. Samsa saw that the cleaner wanted to start describing
everything in detail but, with outstretched hand, he made it quite
clear that she was not to.
il nome (u'Samsa', 6) è contenuto in "Tonight she gets sacked", said  Mr. Samsa, but he received no reply
from either his wife or his daughter as the charwoman seemed to have
destroyed the peace they had only just gained.
il nome (u'Samsa', 6) è contenuto in Mr. Samsa twisted round in his chair to look at them and sat
there watching for a while.
il nome (u'Samsa', 6) è contenuto in With all the
worry they had been having of late her cheeks had become pale, but,
while they were talking,  Mr. and  Mrs. Samsa were struck, almost
simultaneously, with the thought of how their daughter was
blossoming into a well built and beautiful young lady.
Analisi per il nome: (u'Samsa', 6)
la frase più corta in cui compare (u'Samsa', 6) è: Samsa!
la frase più lunga in cui compare (u'Samsa', 6) è: As they turned the corner on each floor they disappeared and
would reappear a few moments later; the further down they went, the
more that the Samsa family lost interest in them; when a butcher's
boy, proud of posture with his tray on his head, passed them on his
way up and came nearer than they were,  Mr. Samsa and the women came
away from the landing and went, as if relieved, back into the flat.
i dieci luoghi più frequenti per (u'Samsa', 6) sono [(u'Gregor', 224), (u'Grete', 16), (u'Please', 3), (u"Gregor's", 3), (u'Nothing', 2), (u'Heaven', 1), (u'Leant', 1), (u'Charlottenstrasse', 1), (u'Samsa', 1), (u'Someone', 1)]
le dieci persone più frequenti (u'Samsa', 6) sono [(u'Samsa', 32), (u'Mr.', 22), (u'Mrs.', 10), (u'Grete', 4), (u'Gregor', 2), (u'Tonight', 1), (u'God', 1), (u'Alright', 1)]
i dieci sostantivi più frequenti per (u'Samsa', 6) sono [(u'Samsa', 34), (u'Mr.', 22), (u'Mrs.', 10), (u'Grete', 4), (u'clerk', 3), (u'daughter', 3), (u'landing', 3), (u'women', 3), (u'time', 3), (u'bedroom', 2)]
i dieci verbi più frequenti per (u'Samsa', 6) sono [(u'had', 11), (u'said', 7), (u'been', 5), (u'went', 4), (u'was', 4), (u'were', 4), (u'wanted', 3), (u'could', 3), (u'asked', 3), (u'made', 3)]
la frase lunga minimo 8 token e massimo 12 con probabilità più alta per (u'Samsa', 6)  è:'  With all the
worry they had been having of late her cheeks had become pale, but,
while they were talking,  Mr. and  Mrs. Samsa were struck, almost
simultaneously, with the thought of how their daughter was
blossoming into a well built and beautiful young lady. ' e la sua probabilità è 3.22273586444e-24
il nome (u'Mr.', 6) è contenuto in Then the chief clerk called "Good morning,  Mr. Samsa".
il nome (u'Mr.', 6) è contenuto in The chief clerk now raised his voice, "Mr. Samsa", he called to him,
"what is wrong?
il nome (u'Mr.', 6) è contenuto in Your turnover has been very unsatisfactory of late; I grant you that
it's not the time of year to do especially good business, we
recognise that; but there simply is no time of year to do no
business at all,  Mr. Samsa, we cannot allow there to be."
il nome (u'Mr.', 6) è contenuto in "Mr.
il nome (u'Mr.', 6) è contenuto in Mr. and  Mrs. Samsa sat upright there in their marriage bed and had
to make an effort to get over the shock caused by the cleaner before
they could grasp what she was saying.
il nome (u'Mr.', 6) è contenuto in Mr. Samsa threw the blanket over his
shoulders,  Mrs. Samsa just came out in her nightdress; and that is
how they went into Gregor's room.
il nome (u'Mr.', 6) è contenuto in "Now then", said  Mr. Samsa, "let's give thanks to God
for that".
il nome (u'Mr.', 6) è contenuto in Then the door of the bedroom opened and  Mr. Samsa appeared in his
uniform with his wife on one arm and his daughter on the other.
il nome (u'Mr.', 6) è contenuto in ", said  Mr. Samsa, indicating the door and
without letting the women from him.
il nome (u'Mr.', 6) è contenuto in "I mean just what I
said", answered  Mr. Samsa, and, with his two companions, went in a
straight line towards the man.
il nome (u'Mr.', 6) è contenuto in "Alright, we'll go
then", he said, and looked up at  Mr. Samsa as if he had been
suddenly overcome with humility and wanted permission again from
Mr. Samsa for his decision.
il nome (u'Mr.', 6) è contenuto in Mr. Samsa merely opened his eyes wide
and briefly nodded to him several times.
il nome (u'Mr.', 6) è contenuto in Now they
jumped off after their friend as if taken with a sudden fear that
Mr. Samsa might go into the hallway in front of them and break the
connection with their leader.
il nome (u'Mr.', 6) è contenuto in Mr. Samsa and the two women followed
them out onto the landing; but they had had no reason to mistrust
the men's intentions and as they leaned over the landing they saw how
the three gentlemen made slow but steady progress down the many
steps.
il nome (u'Mr.', 6) è contenuto in As they turned the corner on each floor they disappeared and
would reappear a few moments later; the further down they went, the
more that the Samsa family lost interest in them; when a butcher's
boy, proud of posture with his tray on his head, passed them on his
way up and came nearer than they were,  Mr. Samsa and the women came
away from the landing and went, as if relieved, back into the flat.
il nome (u'Mr.', 6) è contenuto in So they sat at the table and wrote
three letters of excusal,  Mr. Samsa to his employers,  Mrs. Samsa
to her contractor and Grete to her principal.
il nome (u'Mr.', 6) è contenuto in ", asked  Mr. Samsa.
il nome (u'Mr.', 6) è contenuto in The almost vertical little ostrich feather on her hat, which
had been a source of irritation to  Mr. Samsa all the time she had
been working for them, swayed gently in all directions.
il nome (u'Mr.', 6) è contenuto in Mrs. Samsa and Grete bent down over
their letters as if intent on continuing with what they were
writing;  Mr. Samsa saw that the cleaner wanted to start describing
everything in detail but, with outstretched hand, he made it quite
clear that she was not to.
il nome (u'Mr.', 6) è contenuto in "Tonight she gets sacked", said  Mr. Samsa, but he received no reply
from either his wife or his daughter as the charwoman seemed to have
destroyed the peace they had only just gained.
il nome (u'Mr.', 6) è contenuto in Mr. Samsa twisted round in his chair to look at them and sat
there watching for a while.
il nome (u'Mr.', 6) è contenuto in With all the
worry they had been having of late her cheeks had become pale, but,
while they were talking,  Mr. and  Mrs. Samsa were struck, almost
simultaneously, with the thought of how their daughter was
blossoming into a well built and beautiful young lady.
Analisi per il nome: (u'Mr.', 6)
la frase più corta in cui compare (u'Mr.', 6) è: "Mr.
la frase più lunga in cui compare (u'Mr.', 6) è: As they turned the corner on each floor they disappeared and
would reappear a few moments later; the further down they went, the
more that the Samsa family lost interest in them; when a butcher's
boy, proud of posture with his tray on his head, passed them on his
way up and came nearer than they were,  Mr. Samsa and the women came
away from the landing and went, as if relieved, back into the flat.
i dieci luoghi più frequenti per (u'Mr.', 6) sono [(u'Gregor', 224), (u'Grete', 16), (u'Please', 3), (u"Gregor's", 3), (u'Nothing', 2), (u'Heaven', 1), (u'Leant', 1), (u'Charlottenstrasse', 1), (u'Samsa', 1), (u'Someone', 1)]
le dieci persone più frequenti (u'Mr.', 6) sono [(u'Samsa', 26), (u'Mr.', 22), (u'Mrs.', 5), (u'Grete', 2), (u'Tonight', 1), (u'God', 1), (u'Gregor', 1), (u'Mr', 1), (u'Alright', 1)]
i dieci sostantivi più frequenti per (u'Mr.', 6) sono [(u'Samsa', 26), (u'Mr.', 22), (u'Mrs.', 5), (u'daughter', 3), (u'landing', 3), (u'women', 3), (u'time', 3), (u'Grete', 2), (u'year', 2), (u'business', 2)]
i dieci verbi più frequenti per (u'Mr.', 6) sono [(u'had', 9), (u'said', 5), (u'been', 5), (u'were', 4), (u'went', 4), (u'is', 3), (u'sat', 3), (u'was', 3), (u'came', 3), (u'go', 2)]
la frase lunga minimo 8 token e massimo 12 con probabilità più alta per (u'Mr.', 6)  è:'  With all the
worry they had been having of late her cheeks had become pale, but,
while they were talking,  Mr. and  Mrs. Samsa were struck, almost
simultaneously, with the thought of how their daughter was
blossoming into a well built and beautiful young lady. ' e la sua probabilità è 3.22273586444e-24
il nome (u'God', 2) è contenuto in "Oh, God", he thought, "what a strenuous career it is that I've
chosen!
il nome (u'God', 2) è contenuto in "God in Heaven!"
il nome (u'God', 2) è contenuto in "Oh, God!"
il nome (u'God', 2) è contenuto in She did not see him straight
away, but when she did notice him under the couch - he had to be
somewhere, for God's sake, he couldn't have flown away - she was so
shocked that she lost control of herself and slammed the door shut
again from outside.
il nome (u'God', 2) è contenuto in But Grete's words had made her mother quite worried, she stepped to
one side, saw the enormous brown patch against the flowers of the
wallpaper, and before she even realised it was Gregor that she saw
screamed: "Oh God, oh God!"
il nome (u'God', 2) è contenuto in "Now then", said  Mr. Samsa, "let's give thanks to God
for that".
Analisi per il nome: (u'God', 2)
la frase più corta in cui compare (u'God', 2) è: "Oh, God!"
la frase più lunga in cui compare (u'God', 2) è: She did not see him straight
away, but when she did notice him under the couch - he had to be
somewhere, for God's sake, he couldn't have flown away - she was so
shocked that she lost control of herself and slammed the door shut
again from outside.
i dieci luoghi più frequenti per (u'God', 2) sono [(u'Gregor', 224), (u'Grete', 16), (u'Please', 3), (u"Gregor's", 3), (u'Nothing', 2), (u'Heaven', 1), (u'Leant', 1), (u'Charlottenstrasse', 1), (u'Samsa', 1), (u'Someone', 1)]
le dieci persone più frequenti (u'God', 2) sono [(u'God', 7), (u'Heaven', 1), (u'Oh', 1), (u'Gregor', 1), (u"I've", 1), (u'Grete', 1), (u'Samsa', 1), (u'Mr.', 1)]
i dieci sostantivi più frequenti per (u'God', 2) sono [(u'God', 7), (u'control', 1), (u'Gregor', 1), (u'Mr.', 1), (u'thanks', 1), (u"I've", 1), (u'chosen', 1), (u'Grete', 1), (u'Samsa', 1), (u'outside', 1)]
i dieci verbi più frequenti per (u'God', 2) sono [(u'did', 2), (u'saw', 2), (u'had', 2), (u'was', 2), (u'be', 1), (u'made', 1), (u'said', 1), (u'lost', 1), (u'is', 1), (u'worried', 1)]
la frase lunga minimo 8 token e massimo 12 con probabilità più alta per (u'God', 2)  è:'  "Now then", said  Mr. Samsa, "let's give thanks to God
for that". ' e la sua probabilità è 3.22273586444e-24
il nome (u'Hardly', 2) è contenuto in Hardly
had that happened than, for the first time that day, he began to
feel alright with his body; the little legs had the solid ground
under them; to his pleasure, they did exactly as he told them; they
were even making the effort to carry him where he wanted to go; and
he was soon believing that all his sorrows would soon be finally at
an end.
il nome (u'Hardly', 2) è contenuto in Hardly aware
of what he was doing other than a slight feeling of shame, he
hurried under the couch.
il nome (u'Hardly', 2) è contenuto in Hardly had the two women pushed the chest of drawers, groaning, out
of the room than Gregor poked his head out from under the couch to
see what he could do about it.
Analisi per il nome: (u'Hardly', 2)
la frase più corta in cui compare (u'Hardly', 2) è: Hardly aware
of what he was doing other than a slight feeling of shame, he
hurried under the couch.
la frase più lunga in cui compare (u'Hardly', 2) è: Hardly
had that happened than, for the first time that day, he began to
feel alright with his body; the little legs had the solid ground
under them; to his pleasure, they did exactly as he told them; they
were even making the effort to carry him where he wanted to go; and
he was soon believing that all his sorrows would soon be finally at
an end.
i dieci luoghi più frequenti per (u'Hardly', 2) sono [(u'Gregor', 224), (u'Grete', 16), (u'Please', 3), (u"Gregor's", 3), (u'Nothing', 2), (u'Heaven', 1), (u'Leant', 1), (u'Charlottenstrasse', 1), (u'Samsa', 1), (u'Someone', 1)]
le dieci persone più frequenti (u'Hardly', 2) sono [(u'Gregor', 1)]
i dieci sostantivi più frequenti per (u'Hardly', 2) sono [(u'couch', 2), (u'body', 1), (u'head', 1), (u'feeling', 1), (u'end', 1), (u'room', 1), (u'drawers', 1), (u'Gregor', 1), (u'chest', 1), (u'sorrows', 1)]
i dieci verbi più frequenti per (u'Hardly', 2) sono [(u'had', 3), (u'was', 2), (u'groaning', 1), (u'do', 1), (u'doing', 1), (u'hurried', 1), (u'pushed', 1), (u'see', 1), (u'go', 1), (u'would', 1)]
la frase lunga minimo 8 token e massimo 12 con probabilità più alta per (u'Hardly', 2)  è:'  Hardly had the two women pushed the chest of drawers, groaning, out
of the room than Gregor poked his head out from under the couch to
see what he could do about it. ' e la sua probabilità è 3.22273586444e-24
il nome (u'Anna', 2) è contenuto in "Anna!
il nome (u'Anna', 2) è contenuto in Anna!"
Analisi per il nome: (u'Anna', 2)
la frase più corta in cui compare (u'Anna', 2) è: "Anna!
la frase più lunga in cui compare (u'Anna', 2) è: Anna!"
i dieci luoghi più frequenti per (u'Anna', 2) sono [(u'Gregor', 224), (u'Grete', 16), (u'Please', 3), (u"Gregor's", 3), (u'Nothing', 2), (u'Heaven', 1), (u'Leant', 1), (u'Charlottenstrasse', 1), (u'Samsa', 1), (u'Someone', 1)]
le dieci persone più frequenti (u'Anna', 2) sono []
i dieci sostantivi più frequenti per (u'Anna', 2) sono [(u'Anna', 2)]
i dieci verbi più frequenti per (u'Anna', 2) sono []
la frase lunga minimo 8 token e massimo 12 con probabilità più alta per (u'Anna', 2)  è:'  Anna!" ' e la sua probabilità è 3.22273586444e-24
il nome (u'Sir', 1) è contenuto in "But Sir", called Gregor, beside himself and forgetting all else in
the excitement, "I'll open up immediately, just a moment.
Analisi per il nome: (u'Sir', 1)
la frase più corta in cui compare (u'Sir', 1) è: "But Sir", called Gregor, beside himself and forgetting all else in
the excitement, "I'll open up immediately, just a moment.
la frase più lunga in cui compare (u'Sir', 1) è: "But Sir", called Gregor, beside himself and forgetting all else in
the excitement, "I'll open up immediately, just a moment.
i dieci luoghi più frequenti per (u'Sir', 1) sono [(u'Gregor', 224), (u'Grete', 16), (u'Please', 3), (u"Gregor's", 3), (u'Nothing', 2), (u'Heaven', 1), (u'Leant', 1), (u'Charlottenstrasse', 1), (u'Samsa', 1), (u'Someone', 1)]
le dieci persone più frequenti (u'Sir', 1) sono [(u'Sir', 1), (u'Gregor', 1)]
i dieci sostantivi più frequenti per (u'Sir', 1) sono [(u'beside', 1), (u'Sir', 1), (u'Gregor', 1), (u'excitement', 1), (u'moment', 1)]
i dieci verbi più frequenti per (u'Sir', 1) sono [(u'forgetting', 1), (u"'ll", 1), (u'called', 1), (u'open', 1)]
la frase lunga minimo 8 token e massimo 12 con probabilità più alta per (u'Sir', 1)  è:'  "But Sir", called Gregor, beside himself and forgetting all else in
the excitement, "I'll open up immediately, just a moment. ' e la sua probabilità è 3.22273586444e-24
il nome (u'Help', 1) è contenuto in His mother was not far away in
front of him and seemed, at first, quite engrossed in herself, but
then she suddenly jumped up with her arms outstretched and her
fingers spread shouting: "Help, for pity's sake, Help!"
Analisi per il nome: (u'Help', 1)
la frase più corta in cui compare (u'Help', 1) è: His mother was not far away in
front of him and seemed, at first, quite engrossed in herself, but
then she suddenly jumped up with her arms outstretched and her
fingers spread shouting: "Help, for pity's sake, Help!"
la frase più lunga in cui compare (u'Help', 1) è: His mother was not far away in
front of him and seemed, at first, quite engrossed in herself, but
then she suddenly jumped up with her arms outstretched and her
fingers spread shouting: "Help, for pity's sake, Help!"
i dieci luoghi più frequenti per (u'Help', 1) sono [(u'Gregor', 224), (u'Grete', 16), (u'Please', 3), (u"Gregor's", 3), (u'Nothing', 2), (u'Heaven', 1), (u'Leant', 1), (u'Charlottenstrasse', 1), (u'Samsa', 1), (u'Someone', 1)]
le dieci persone più frequenti (u'Help', 1) sono [(u'Help', 1)]
i dieci sostantivi più frequenti per (u'Help', 1) sono [(u'Help', 2), (u'pity', 1), (u'sake', 1), (u'fingers', 1), (u'arms', 1), (u'mother', 1), (u'front', 1)]
i dieci verbi più frequenti per (u'Help', 1) sono [(u'jumped', 1), (u'engrossed', 1), (u'shouting', 1), (u'spread', 1), (u'was', 1), (u'seemed', 1)]
la frase lunga minimo 8 token e massimo 12 con probabilità più alta per (u'Help', 1)  è:'  His mother was not far away in
front of him and seemed, at first, quite engrossed in herself, but
then she suddenly jumped up with her arms outstretched and her
fingers spread shouting: "Help, for pity's sake, Help!" ' e la sua probabilità è 3.22273586444e-24
I dieci nomi di persona più frequenti di Cuore di tenebra sono [(u'Kurtz', 62), (u'Mr.Kurtz', 39), (u'Marlow', 9), (u'Mr.', 7), (u'Jove', 5), (u'Towson', 3), (u'Fresleven', 3), (u'SavageCustoms', 2), (u'Hang', 2), (u'Nowhere', 2)]
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in Kurtz.'
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in On my asking who Mr. Kurtz was, he
said he was a first-class agent; and seeing my disappointment at
this information, he added slowly, laying down his pen, 'He is a very
remarkable person.'
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in Further questions elicited from him that Mr. Kurtz
was at present in charge of a trading-post, a very important one, in the
true ivory-country, at 'the very bottom of there.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in 'When you see Mr. Kurtz'
he went on, 'tell him from me that everything here'--he glanced at the
deck--' is very satisfactory.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in There were rumours that a very important
station was in jeopardy, and its chief, Mr. Kurtz, was ill. Hoped it was
not true.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in Mr. Kurtz was...
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in Hang Kurtz,
I thought.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in I interrupted him by saying I had heard of Mr. Kurtz on the
coast.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in Then he began again, assuring me Mr. Kurtz was the best agent he had, an
exceptional man, of the greatest importance to the Company; therefore
I could understand his anxiety.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in Kurtz!'
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in I heard the name of Kurtz pronounced, then the words, 'take
advantage of this unfortunate accident.'
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in To my
question he said Mr. Kurtz had painted this--in this very station more
than a year ago--while waiting for means to go to his trading post.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in Kurtz?'
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in 'When Mr. Kurtz,' I continued, severely, 'is
General Manager, you won't have the opportunity.'
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in 'My dear sir,' said the fellow, 'I don't want to be misunderstood, and
especially by you, who will see Mr. Kurtz long before I can have
that pleasure.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in He, don't you see, had
been planning to be assistant-manager by and by under the present man,
and I could see that the coming of that Kurtz had upset them both not a
little.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in I could
see a little ivory coming out from there, and I had heard Mr. Kurtz was
in there.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in I would
not have gone so far as to fight for Kurtz, but I went for him near
enough to a lie.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in This simply because I had a notion
it somehow would be of help to that Kurtz whom at the time I did not
see--you understand.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in Mr. Kurtz was a 'universal
genius,' but even a genius would find it easier to work with 'adequate
tools--intelligent men.'
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in I said I
could see that very well, but what I wanted was a certain quantity of
rivets--and rivets were what really Mr. Kurtz wanted, if he had only
known it.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in I had plenty of time for meditation,
and now and then I would give some thought to Kurtz.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in They had been talking about Kurtz.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in The
other explained that it had come with a fleet of canoes in charge of an
English half-caste clerk Kurtz had with him; that Kurtz had apparently
intended to return himself, the station being by that time bare of goods
and stores, but after coming three hundred miles, had suddenly decided
to go back, which he started to do alone in a small dugout with four
paddlers, leaving the half-caste to continue down the river with the
ivory.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in As to me, I seemed
to see Kurtz for the first time.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in I gathered in
snatches that this was some man supposed to be in Kurtz's district, and
of whom the manager did not approve.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in I was then rather excited at
the prospect of meeting Kurtz very soon.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in It was just two months from the day we left the creek
when we came to the bank below Kurtz's station.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in For me it
crawled towards Kurtz--exclusively; but when the steam-pipes started
leaking we crawled very slow.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in So he sweated and fired up and watched the glass
fearfully (with an impromptu charm, made of rags, tied to his arm, and
a piece of polished bone, as big as a watch, stuck flatways through his
lower lip), while the wooded banks slipped past us slowly, the short
noise was left behind, the interminable miles of silence--and we crept
on, towards Kurtz.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in There was a signature, but it was illegible--not
Kurtz--a much longer word.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in Sometimes I would pick out a
tree a little way ahead to measure our progress towards Kurtz by, but
I lost it invariably before we got abreast.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in I fretted and fumed and took to arguing with
myself whether or no I would talk openly with Kurtz; but before I could
come to any conclusion it occurred to me that my speech or my silence,
indeed any action of mine, would be a mere futility.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in “Towards the evening of the second day we judged ourselves about eight
miles from Kurtz's station.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in 'It is very
serious,' said the manager's voice behind me; 'I would be desolated if
anything should happen to Mr. Kurtz before we came up.'
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in The
approach to this Kurtz grubbing for ivory in the wretched bush was beset
by as many dangers as though he had been an enchanted princess sleeping
in a fabulous castle.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in “It developed itself, I should say, two hours after the fog lifted, and
its commencement was at a spot, roughly speaking, about a mile and a
half below Kurtz's station.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in 'And by the way, I suppose
Mr. Kurtz is dead as well by this time.'
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in I couldn't have been
more disgusted if I had travelled all this way for the sole purpose of
talking with Mr. Kurtz.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in I flung one shoe overboard,
and became aware that that was exactly what I had been looking forward
to--a talk with Kurtz.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in I was cut to the quick at the idea of having lost the
inestimable privilege of listening to the gifted Kurtz.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in You should have heard the
disinterred body of Mr. Kurtz saying, 'My Intended.'
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in And the lofty
frontal bone of Mr. Kurtz!
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in It appears these niggers do bury the
tusks sometimes--but evidently they couldn't bury this parcel deep
enough to save the gifted Mr. Kurtz from his fate.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in Mind, I am not trying to excuse or even explain--I am
trying to account to myself for--for--Mr. Kurtz--for the shade of Mr.
Kurtz.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in The original Kurtz had been educated
partly in England, and--as he was good enough to say himself--his
sympathies were in the right place.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in All Europe contributed to the making of Kurtz;
and by and by I learned that, most appropriately, the International
Society for the Suppression of Savage Customs had intrusted him with the
making of a report, for its future guidance.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in But this must have been before his--let us say--nerves,
went wrong, and caused him to preside at certain midnight dances ending
with unspeakable rites, which--as far as I reluctantly gathered
from what I heard at various times--were offered up to him--do you
understand?--to Mr. Kurtz himself.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in He had no restraint,
no restraint--just like Kurtz--a tree swayed by the wind.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in They had given up Kurtz, they had given up the
station; Kurtz was dead, and the station had been burnt--and so on--and
so on.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in The red-haired pilgrim was beside himself with the thought that
at least this poor Kurtz had been properly avenged.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in Upon this they forgot Kurtz, and began
to howl at me with indignant protests.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in Kurtz?'
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in Here I met Mr. Kurtz,' he said, youthfully solemn and
reproachful.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in You take Kurtz away quick--quick--I tell
you.'
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in I did not envy him his devotion
to Kurtz, though.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in I suppose Kurtz wanted an
audience, because on a certain occasion, when encamped in the forest,
they had talked all night, or more probably Kurtz had talked.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in He had, as he informed me proudly, managed to nurse
Kurtz through two illnesses (he alluded to it as you would to some risky
feat), but as a rule Kurtz wandered alone, far in the depths of the
forest.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in 'Kurtz got the
tribe to follow him, did he?'
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in It was curious to see his mingled eagerness
and reluctance to speak of Kurtz.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in You can't judge Mr. Kurtz as you would an ordinary man.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in Mr. Kurtz couldn't be mad.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in The
Russian was explaining to me that it was only lately that Mr. Kurtz had
come down to the river, bringing along with him all the fighting men of
that lake tribe.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in In fact, the manager said
afterwards that Mr. Kurtz's methods had ruined the district.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in They only
showed that Mr. Kurtz lacked restraint in the gratification of his
various lusts, that there was something wanting in him--some small
matter which, when the pressing need arose, could not be found under
his magnificent eloquence.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in “The admirer of Mr. Kurtz was a bit crestfallen.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in He was not afraid of the natives; they would
not stir till Mr. Kurtz gave the word.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in They would crawl.... 'I don't want to know
anything of the ceremonies used when approaching Mr. Kurtz,' I shouted.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in Curious, this feeling that came over me that such details would be more
intolerable than those heads drying on the stakes under Mr. Kurtz's
windows.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in I suppose it did not occur to
him that Mr. Kurtz was no idol of mine.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in If it had come to crawling before Mr. Kurtz, he
crawled as much as the veriest savage of them all.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in 'You don't know how such a life tries a man like Kurtz,' cried
Kurtz's last disciple.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in Kurtz--Kurtz--that means short in German--don't it?
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in At least
it must have been that, for she talked like a fury to Kurtz for an hour,
pointing at me now and then.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in Luckily for me, I fancy Kurtz felt too ill that day to care, or
there would have been mischief.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in “At this moment I heard Kurtz's deep voice behind the curtain: 'Save
me!--save the ivory, you mean.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in But there is no disguising the
fact, Mr. Kurtz has done more harm than good to the Company.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in It
seemed to me I had never breathed an atmosphere so vile, and I turned
mentally to Kurtz for relief--positively for relief.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in 'Nevertheless I
think Mr. Kurtz is a remarkable man,' I said with emphasis.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in My hour of favour was over; I found myself lumped along
with Kurtz as a partisan of methods for which the time was not ripe:
I was unsound!
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in “I had turned to the wilderness really, not to Mr. Kurtz, who, I was
ready to admit, was as good as buried.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in I heard
him mumbling and stammering something about 'brother seaman--couldn't
conceal--knowledge of matters that would affect Mr. Kurtz's
reputation.'
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in For him evidently Mr. Kurtz was not in his grave;
I suspect that for him Mr. Kurtz was one of the immortals.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in As it happens, I am Mr. Kurtz's friend--in a
way.'
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in 'I can do no more for Kurtz now, and they would soon
find some excuse.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in He stood biting his lip, then: 'I don't want any harm to happen
to these whites here, but of course I was thinking of Mr. Kurtz's
reputation--but you are a brother seaman and--' 'All right,' said I,
after a time.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in Kurtz's reputation is safe with me.'
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in “He informed me, lowering his voice, that it was Kurtz who had ordered
the attack to be made on the steamer.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in One of the agents with a picket of a few of our blacks,
armed for the purpose, was keeping guard over the ivory; but deep within
the forest, red gleams that wavered, that seemed to sink and rise from
the ground amongst confused columnar shapes of intense blackness, showed
the exact position of the camp where Mr. Kurtz's adorers were keeping
their uneasy vigil.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in A light was burning within, but
Mr. Kurtz was not there.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in I did not betray Mr. Kurtz--it was ordered I should never betray him--it
was written I should be loyal to the nightmare of my choice.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in I was circumventing Kurtz as
though it had been a boyish game.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in “We had carried Kurtz into the pilot-house: there was more air there.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in “The brown current ran swiftly out of the heart of darkness, bearing us
down towards the sea with twice the speed of our upward progress; and
Kurtz's life was running swiftly, too, ebbing, ebbing out of his heart
into the sea of inexorable time.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in “Kurtz discoursed.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in The shade of the original Kurtz frequented the bedside of
the hollow sham, whose fate it was to be buried presently in the mould
of primeval earth.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in 'Close the shutter,' said Kurtz suddenly one day; 'I
can't bear to look at this.'
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in This delay was the first thing that shook Kurtz's
confidence.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in Suddenly the manager's boy put his insolent black head in the doorway,
and said in a tone of scathing contempt:

“'Mistah Kurtz--he dead.'
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in “However, as you see, I did not go to join Kurtz there and then.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in I remained to dream the nightmare out to the end, and to show my
loyalty to Kurtz once more.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in This is the reason why I affirm that Kurtz was a
remarkable man.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in That is why I have remained loyal to Kurtz to the last, and even beyond,
when a long time after I heard once more, not his own voice, but the
echo of his magnificent eloquence thrown to me from a soul as
translucently pure as a cliff of crystal.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in I kept
the bundle of papers given me by Kurtz, not knowing exactly what to do
with it.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in Kurtz's
knowledge of unexplored regions must have been necessarily extensive
and peculiar--owing to his great abilities and to the deplorable
circumstances in which he had been placed: therefore--' I assured him
Mr. Kurtz's knowledge, however extensive, did not bear upon the problems
of commerce or administration.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in He
withdrew upon some threat of legal proceedings, and I saw him no more;
but another fellow, calling himself Kurtz's cousin, appeared two days
later, and was anxious to hear all the details about his dear relative's
last moments.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in Incidentally he gave me to understand that Kurtz had
been essentially a great musician.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in I had no reason to doubt
his statement; and to this day I am unable to say what was Kurtz's
profession, whether he ever had any--which was the greatest of his
talents.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in This visitor
informed me Kurtz's proper sphere ought to have been politics 'on the
popular side.'
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in He had furry straight eyebrows, bristly hair cropped
short, an eyeglass on a broad ribbon, and, becoming expansive, confessed
his opinion that Kurtz really couldn't write a bit--'but heavens!
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in All that had been Kurtz's had passed out of my hands: his soul,
his body, his station, his plans, his ivory, his career.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in I had heard
that her engagement with Kurtz had been disapproved by her people.
il nome (u'Kurtz', 62) è contenuto in Would they have fallen, I wonder, if I
had rendered Kurtz that justice which was his due?
Analisi per il nome: (u'Kurtz', 62)
la frase più corta in cui compare (u'Kurtz', 62) è: Kurtz.'
la frase più lunga in cui compare (u'Kurtz', 62) è: The
other explained that it had come with a fleet of canoes in charge of an
English half-caste clerk Kurtz had with him; that Kurtz had apparently
intended to return himself, the station being by that time bare of goods
and stores, but after coming three hundred miles, had suddenly decided
to go back, which he started to do alone in a small dugout with four
paddlers, leaving the half-caste to continue down the river with the
ivory.
i dieci luoghi più frequenti per (u'Kurtz', 62) sono [(u'English', 9), (u'Europe', 8), (u'Russian', 8), (u'Kurtz', 8), (u'Fine', 3), (u'Good', 3), (u'French', 3), (u'Thames', 3), (u'Swede', 3), (u'Ah', 3)]
le dieci persone più frequenti per (u'Kurtz', 62) sono [(u'Kurtz', 113), (u'Mr.', 46), (u"Kurtz's", 6), (u'Company', 2), (u'Europe', 1), (u"Kurtz'", 1), (u'England', 1), (u'Savage', 1), (u'Mind', 1), (u'Hang', 1)]
i dieci sostantivi più frequenti per (u'Kurtz', 62) sono [(u'Help', 2), (u'pity', 1), (u'sake', 1), (u'fingers', 1), (u'arms', 1), (u'mother', 1), (u'front', 1)]
i dieci verbi più frequenti per (u'Kurtz', 62) sono [(u'was', 55), (u'had', 45), (u'been', 18), (u'would', 16), (u'be', 12), (u'have', 12), (u'do', 11), (u'said', 11), (u'see', 10), (u'could', 10)]
la frase lunga minimo 8 token e massimo 12 con probabilità più alta per (u'Kurtz', 62) è:'  Would they have fallen, I wonder, if I
had rendered Kurtz that justice which was his due? ' e la sua probabilità è 1.63943941742e-32
Analisi per il nome: (u'Mr.Kurtz', 39)
i dieci luoghi più frequenti per (u'Mr.Kurtz', 39) sono [(u'English', 9), (u'Europe', 8), (u'Russian', 8), (u'Kurtz', 8), (u'Fine', 3), (u'Good', 3), (u'French', 3), (u'Thames', 3), (u'Swede', 3), (u'Ah', 3)]
le dieci persone più frequenti per (u'Mr.Kurtz', 39) sono []
i dieci sostantivi più frequenti per (u'Mr.Kurtz', 39) sono []
i dieci verbi più frequenti per (u'Mr.Kurtz', 39) sono []
la frase lunga minimo 8 token e massimo 12 con probabilità più alta per (u'Mr.Kurtz', 39) è:'  The offing was
barred by a black bank of clouds, and the tranquil waterway leading to
the uttermost ends of the earth flowed sombre under an overcast
sky--seemed to lead into the heart of an immense darkness. ' e la sua probabilità è 1.63943941742e-32
il nome (u'Marlow', 9) è contenuto in Marlow
sat cross-legged right aft, leaning against the mizzen-mast.
il nome (u'Marlow', 9) è contenuto in “And this also,” said Marlow suddenly, “has been one of the dark places
of the earth.”

He was the only man of us who still “followed the sea.” The worst that
could be said of him was that he did not represent his class.
il nome (u'Marlow', 9) è contenuto in But Marlow was not typical (if his propensity
to spin yarns be excepted), and to him the meaning of an episode was not
inside like a kernel but outside, enveloping the tale which brought it
out only as a glow brings out a haze, in the likeness of one of these
misty halos that sometimes are made visible by the spectral illumination
of moonshine.
il nome (u'Marlow', 9) è contenuto in It was just like Marlow.
il nome (u'Marlow', 9) è contenuto in We looked on,
waiting patiently--there was nothing else to do till the end of
the flood; but it was only after a long silence, when he said, in
a hesitating voice, “I suppose you fellows remember I did once turn
fresh-water sailor for a bit,” that we knew we were fated, before
the ebb began to run, to hear about one of Marlow's inconclusive
experiences.
il nome (u'Marlow', 9) è contenuto in I, Charlie Marlow, set the women to work--to get a job.
il nome (u'Marlow', 9) è contenuto in Yes--I let him run on,” Marlow began again, “and think what
he pleased about the powers that were behind me.
il nome (u'Marlow', 9) è contenuto in half-a-crown a tumble--”

“Try to be civil, Marlow,” growled a voice, and I knew there was at
least one listener awake besides myself.
il nome (u'Marlow', 9) è contenuto in There was a pause of profound stillness, then a match flared, and
Marlow's lean face appeared, worn, hollow, with downward folds and
dropped eyelids, with an aspect of concentrated attention; and as he
took vigorous draws at his pipe, it seemed to retreat and advance out of
the night in the regular flicker of tiny flame.
il nome (u'Marlow', 9) è contenuto in It would have
been too dark--too dark altogether....”

Marlow ceased, and sat apart, indistinct and silent, in the pose of a
meditating Buddha.
Analisi per il nome: (u'Marlow', 9)
la frase più corta in cui compare (u'Marlow', 9) è: It was just like Marlow.
la frase più lunga in cui compare (u'Marlow', 9) è: We looked on,
waiting patiently--there was nothing else to do till the end of
the flood; but it was only after a long silence, when he said, in
a hesitating voice, “I suppose you fellows remember I did once turn
fresh-water sailor for a bit,” that we knew we were fated, before
the ebb began to run, to hear about one of Marlow's inconclusive
experiences.
i dieci luoghi più frequenti per (u'Marlow', 9) sono [(u'English', 9), (u'Europe', 8), (u'Russian', 8), (u'Kurtz', 8), (u'Fine', 3), (u'Good', 3), (u'French', 3), (u'Thames', 3), (u'Swede', 3), (u'Ah', 3)]
le dieci persone più frequenti per (u'Marlow', 9) sono [(u'Marlow', 10), (u'\u201d', 3), (u'Charlie', 1), (u'Try', 1), (u'Buddha', 1)]
i dieci sostantivi più frequenti per (u'Marlow', 9) sono [(u'Help', 2), (u'pity', 1), (u'sake', 1), (u'fingers', 1), (u'arms', 1), (u'mother', 1), (u'front', 1)]
i dieci verbi più frequenti per (u'Marlow', 9) sono [(u'was', 9), (u'\u201d', 3), (u'said', 3), (u'be', 3), (u'\u201c', 2), (u'sat', 2), (u'began', 2), (u'been', 2), (u'run', 2), (u'knew', 2)]
la frase lunga minimo 8 token e massimo 12 con probabilità più alta per (u'Marlow', 9) è:'  It would have
been too dark--too dark altogether....”

Marlow ceased, and sat apart, indistinct and silent, in the pose of a
meditating Buddha. ' e la sua probabilità è 1.20392191075e-35
il nome (u'Mr.', 7) è contenuto in “One day he remarked, without lifting his head, 'In the interior you
will no doubt meet Mr.
il nome (u'Mr.', 7) è contenuto in On my asking who Mr. Kurtz was, he
said he was a first-class agent; and seeing my disappointment at
this information, he added slowly, laying down his pen, 'He is a very
remarkable person.'
il nome (u'Mr.', 7) è contenuto in Further questions elicited from him that Mr. Kurtz
was at present in charge of a trading-post, a very important one, in the
true ivory-country, at 'the very bottom of there.
il nome (u'Mr.', 7) è contenuto in 'When you see Mr. Kurtz'
he went on, 'tell him from me that everything here'--he glanced at the
deck--' is very satisfactory.
il nome (u'Mr.', 7) è contenuto in There were rumours that a very important
station was in jeopardy, and its chief, Mr. Kurtz, was ill. Hoped it was
not true.
il nome (u'Mr.', 7) è contenuto in Mr. Kurtz was...
il nome (u'Mr.', 7) è contenuto in I interrupted him by saying I had heard of Mr. Kurtz on the
coast.
il nome (u'Mr.', 7) è contenuto in Then he began again, assuring me Mr. Kurtz was the best agent he had, an
exceptional man, of the greatest importance to the Company; therefore
I could understand his anxiety.
il nome (u'Mr.', 7) è contenuto in Certainly he fidgeted on his chair a good deal, exclaimed, 'Ah, Mr.
il nome (u'Mr.', 7) è contenuto in To my
question he said Mr. Kurtz had painted this--in this very station more
than a year ago--while waiting for means to go to his trading post.
il nome (u'Mr.', 7) è contenuto in 'Tell me, pray,' said I, 'who is this Mr.
il nome (u'Mr.', 7) è contenuto in 'When Mr. Kurtz,' I continued, severely, 'is
General Manager, you won't have the opportunity.'
il nome (u'Mr.', 7) è contenuto in 'My dear sir,' said the fellow, 'I don't want to be misunderstood, and
especially by you, who will see Mr. Kurtz long before I can have
that pleasure.
il nome (u'Mr.', 7) è contenuto in I could
see a little ivory coming out from there, and I had heard Mr. Kurtz was
in there.
il nome (u'Mr.', 7) è contenuto in Mr. Kurtz was a 'universal
genius,' but even a genius would find it easier to work with 'adequate
tools--intelligent men.'
il nome (u'Mr.', 7) è contenuto in I said I
could see that very well, but what I wanted was a certain quantity of
rivets--and rivets were what really Mr. Kurtz wanted, if he had only
known it.
il nome (u'Mr.', 7) è contenuto in 'It is very
serious,' said the manager's voice behind me; 'I would be desolated if
anything should happen to Mr. Kurtz before we came up.'
il nome (u'Mr.', 7) è contenuto in 'And by the way, I suppose
Mr. Kurtz is dead as well by this time.'
il nome (u'Mr.', 7) è contenuto in I couldn't have been
more disgusted if I had travelled all this way for the sole purpose of
talking with Mr. Kurtz.
il nome (u'Mr.', 7) è contenuto in You should have heard the
disinterred body of Mr. Kurtz saying, 'My Intended.'
il nome (u'Mr.', 7) è contenuto in And the lofty
frontal bone of Mr. Kurtz!
il nome (u'Mr.', 7) è contenuto in It appears these niggers do bury the
tusks sometimes--but evidently they couldn't bury this parcel deep
enough to save the gifted Mr. Kurtz from his fate.
il nome (u'Mr.', 7) è contenuto in Mind, I am not trying to excuse or even explain--I am
trying to account to myself for--for--Mr. Kurtz--for the shade of Mr.
Kurtz.
il nome (u'Mr.', 7) è contenuto in But this must have been before his--let us say--nerves,
went wrong, and caused him to preside at certain midnight dances ending
with unspeakable rites, which--as far as I reluctantly gathered
from what I heard at various times--were offered up to him--do you
understand?--to Mr. Kurtz himself.
il nome (u'Mr.', 7) è contenuto in 'Don't
you talk with Mr.
il nome (u'Mr.', 7) è contenuto in Here I met Mr. Kurtz,' he said, youthfully solemn and
reproachful.
il nome (u'Mr.', 7) è contenuto in You can't judge Mr. Kurtz as you would an ordinary man.
il nome (u'Mr.', 7) è contenuto in Mr. Kurtz couldn't be mad.
il nome (u'Mr.', 7) è contenuto in The
Russian was explaining to me that it was only lately that Mr. Kurtz had
come down to the river, bringing along with him all the fighting men of
that lake tribe.
il nome (u'Mr.', 7) è contenuto in In fact, the manager said
afterwards that Mr. Kurtz's methods had ruined the district.
il nome (u'Mr.', 7) è contenuto in They only
showed that Mr. Kurtz lacked restraint in the gratification of his
various lusts, that there was something wanting in him--some small
matter which, when the pressing need arose, could not be found under
his magnificent eloquence.
il nome (u'Mr.', 7) è contenuto in “The admirer of Mr. Kurtz was a bit crestfallen.
il nome (u'Mr.', 7) è contenuto in He was not afraid of the natives; they would
not stir till Mr. Kurtz gave the word.
il nome (u'Mr.', 7) è contenuto in They would crawl.... 'I don't want to know
anything of the ceremonies used when approaching Mr. Kurtz,' I shouted.
il nome (u'Mr.', 7) è contenuto in Curious, this feeling that came over me that such details would be more
intolerable than those heads drying on the stakes under Mr. Kurtz's
windows.
il nome (u'Mr.', 7) è contenuto in I suppose it did not occur to
him that Mr. Kurtz was no idol of mine.
il nome (u'Mr.', 7) è contenuto in If it had come to crawling before Mr. Kurtz, he
crawled as much as the veriest savage of them all.
il nome (u'Mr.', 7) è contenuto in But there is no disguising the
fact, Mr. Kurtz has done more harm than good to the Company.
il nome (u'Mr.', 7) è contenuto in 'Nevertheless I
think Mr. Kurtz is a remarkable man,' I said with emphasis.
il nome (u'Mr.', 7) è contenuto in “I had turned to the wilderness really, not to Mr. Kurtz, who, I was
ready to admit, was as good as buried.
il nome (u'Mr.', 7) è contenuto in I heard
him mumbling and stammering something about 'brother seaman--couldn't
conceal--knowledge of matters that would affect Mr. Kurtz's
reputation.'
il nome (u'Mr.', 7) è contenuto in For him evidently Mr. Kurtz was not in his grave;
I suspect that for him Mr. Kurtz was one of the immortals.
il nome (u'Mr.', 7) è contenuto in As it happens, I am Mr. Kurtz's friend--in a
way.'
il nome (u'Mr.', 7) è contenuto in He stood biting his lip, then: 'I don't want any harm to happen
to these whites here, but of course I was thinking of Mr. Kurtz's
reputation--but you are a brother seaman and--' 'All right,' said I,
after a time.
il nome (u'Mr.', 7) è contenuto in 'Mr.
il nome (u'Mr.', 7) è contenuto in One of the agents with a picket of a few of our blacks,
armed for the purpose, was keeping guard over the ivory; but deep within
the forest, red gleams that wavered, that seemed to sink and rise from
the ground amongst confused columnar shapes of intense blackness, showed
the exact position of the camp where Mr. Kurtz's adorers were keeping
their uneasy vigil.
il nome (u'Mr.', 7) è contenuto in A light was burning within, but
Mr. Kurtz was not there.
il nome (u'Mr.', 7) è contenuto in I did not betray Mr. Kurtz--it was ordered I should never betray him--it
was written I should be loyal to the nightmare of my choice.
il nome (u'Mr.', 7) è contenuto in And said he, 'Mr.
il nome (u'Mr.', 7) è contenuto in Kurtz's
knowledge of unexplored regions must have been necessarily extensive
and peculiar--owing to his great abilities and to the deplorable
circumstances in which he had been placed: therefore--' I assured him
Mr. Kurtz's knowledge, however extensive, did not bear upon the problems
of commerce or administration.
Analisi per il nome: (u'Mr.', 7)
la frase più corta in cui compare (u'Mr.', 7) è: 'Mr.
la frase più lunga in cui compare (u'Mr.', 7) è: One of the agents with a picket of a few of our blacks,
armed for the purpose, was keeping guard over the ivory; but deep within
the forest, red gleams that wavered, that seemed to sink and rise from
the ground amongst confused columnar shapes of intense blackness, showed
the exact position of the camp where Mr. Kurtz's adorers were keeping
their uneasy vigil.
i dieci luoghi più frequenti per (u'Mr.', 7) sono [(u'English', 9), (u'Europe', 8), (u'Russian', 8), (u'Kurtz', 8), (u'Fine', 3), (u'Good', 3), (u'French', 3), (u'Thames', 3), (u'Swede', 3), (u'Ah', 3)]
le dieci persone più frequenti per (u'Mr.', 7) sono [(u'Mr.', 46), (u'Kurtz', 42), (u"Kurtz's", 4), (u'Mr', 4), (u'Company', 2), (u"Kurtz'", 1), (u'Mind', 1), (u'Manager', 1), (u'General', 1), (u'Russian', 1)]
i dieci sostantivi più frequenti per (u'Mr.', 7) sono [(u'Help', 2), (u'pity', 1), (u'sake', 1), (u'fingers', 1), (u'arms', 1), (u'mother', 1), (u'front', 1)]
i dieci verbi più frequenti per (u'Mr.', 7) sono [(u'was', 27), (u'had', 11), (u'said', 11), (u'could', 7), (u'would', 7), (u'is', 7), (u'be', 6), (u'have', 6), (u'do', 5), (u'should', 4)]
la frase lunga minimo 8 token e massimo 12 con probabilità più alta per (u'Mr.', 7) è:'  Kurtz's
knowledge of unexplored regions must have been necessarily extensive
and peculiar--owing to his great abilities and to the deplorable
circumstances in which he had been placed: therefore--' I assured him
Mr. Kurtz's knowledge, however extensive, did not bear upon the problems
of commerce or administration. ' e la sua probabilità è 7.69862224439e-30
il nome (u'Jove', 5) è contenuto in By Jove!
il nome (u'Jove', 5) è contenuto in The smell of mud, of primeval mud,
by Jove!
il nome (u'Jove', 5) è contenuto in Arrows, by
Jove!
il nome (u'Jove', 5) è contenuto in I thought,
'By Jove!
il nome (u'Jove', 5) è contenuto in The earth for us is a place to live in, where we must put up with
sights, with sounds, with smells, too, by Jove!--breathe dead hippo,
so to speak, and not be contaminated.
il nome (u'Jove', 5) è contenuto in And, by Jove!
Analisi per il nome: (u'Jove', 5)
la frase più corta in cui compare (u'Jove', 5) è: By Jove!
la frase più lunga in cui compare (u'Jove', 5) è: The earth for us is a place to live in, where we must put up with
sights, with sounds, with smells, too, by Jove!--breathe dead hippo,
so to speak, and not be contaminated.
i dieci luoghi più frequenti per (u'Jove', 5) sono [(u'English', 9), (u'Europe', 8), (u'Russian', 8), (u'Kurtz', 8), (u'Fine', 3), (u'Good', 3), (u'French', 3), (u'Thames', 3), (u'Swede', 3), (u'Ah', 3)]
le dieci persone più frequenti per (u'Jove', 5) sono [(u'Jove', 6)]
i dieci sostantivi più frequenti per (u'Jove', 5) sono [(u'Help', 2), (u'pity', 1), (u'sake', 1), (u'fingers', 1), (u'arms', 1), (u'mother', 1), (u'front', 1)]
i dieci verbi più frequenti per (u'Jove', 5) sono [(u'be', 1), (u'is', 1), (u'thought', 1), (u'live', 1), (u'contaminated', 1), (u'put', 1), (u'must', 1), (u'speak', 1)]
la frase lunga minimo 8 token e massimo 12 con probabilità più alta per (u'Jove', 5) è:'  And, by Jove! ' e la sua probabilità è 7.69862224439e-30
il nome (u'Towson', 3) è contenuto in Its title was, _An
Inquiry into some Points of Seamanship_, by a man Towser, Towson--some
such name--Master in his Majesty's Navy.
il nome (u'Towson', 3) è contenuto in Within, Towson or Towser was inquiring earnestly into the
breaking strain of ships' chains and tackle, and other such matters.
il nome (u'Towson', 3) è contenuto in “I gave him Towson's book.
il nome (u'Towson', 3) è contenuto in One of his
pockets (bright red) was bulging with cartridges, from the other (dark
blue) peeped 'Towson's Inquiry,' etc., etc.
Analisi per il nome: (u'Towson', 3)
la frase più corta in cui compare (u'Towson', 3) è: “I gave him Towson's book.
la frase più lunga in cui compare (u'Towson', 3) è: Its title was, _An
Inquiry into some Points of Seamanship_, by a man Towser, Towson--some
such name--Master in his Majesty's Navy.
i dieci luoghi più frequenti per (u'Towson', 3) sono [(u'English', 9), (u'Europe', 8), (u'Russian', 8), (u'Kurtz', 8), (u'Fine', 3), (u'Good', 3), (u'French', 3), (u'Thames', 3), (u'Swede', 3), (u'Ah', 3)]
le dieci persone più frequenti per (u'Towson', 3) sono [(u'Towson', 3), (u'Inquiry', 2), (u'Towser', 2), (u'Majesty', 1), (u'Seamanship_', 1), (u'Navy', 1), (u'_An', 1), (u"'Towson", 1)]
i dieci sostantivi più frequenti per (u'Towson', 3) sono [(u'Help', 2), (u'pity', 1), (u'sake', 1), (u'fingers', 1), (u'arms', 1), (u'mother', 1), (u'front', 1)]
i dieci verbi più frequenti per (u'Towson', 3) sono [(u'was', 3), (u'bulging', 1), (u'breaking', 1), (u'gave', 1), (u'inquiring', 1), (u'peeped', 1)]
la frase lunga minimo 8 token e massimo 12 con probabilità più alta per (u'Towson', 3) è:'  One of his
pockets (bright red) was bulging with cartridges, from the other (dark
blue) peeped 'Towson's Inquiry,' etc., etc. ' e la sua probabilità è 7.69862224439e-30
il nome (u'Fresleven', 3) è contenuto in Fresleven--that was the fellow's name, a Dane--thought
himself wronged somehow in the bargain, so he went ashore and started to
hammer the chief of the village with a stick.
il nome (u'Fresleven', 3) è contenuto in Oh, it didn't surprise
me in the least to hear this, and at the same time to be told that
Fresleven was the gentlest, quietest creature that ever walked on two
legs.
il nome (u'Fresleven', 3) è contenuto in Then the whole population cleared into the forest,
expecting all kinds of calamities to happen, while, on the other hand,
the steamer Fresleven commanded left also in a bad panic, in charge of
the engineer, I believe.
il nome (u'Fresleven', 3) è contenuto in Afterwards nobody seemed to trouble much
about Fresleven's remains, till I got out and stepped into his shoes.
Analisi per il nome: (u'Fresleven', 3)
la frase più corta in cui compare (u'Fresleven', 3) è: Afterwards nobody seemed to trouble much
about Fresleven's remains, till I got out and stepped into his shoes.
la frase più lunga in cui compare (u'Fresleven', 3) è: Then the whole population cleared into the forest,
expecting all kinds of calamities to happen, while, on the other hand,
the steamer Fresleven commanded left also in a bad panic, in charge of
the engineer, I believe.
i dieci luoghi più frequenti per (u'Fresleven', 3) sono [(u'English', 9), (u'Europe', 8), (u'Russian', 8), (u'Kurtz', 8), (u'Fine', 3), (u'Good', 3), (u'French', 3), (u'Thames', 3), (u'Swede', 3), (u'Ah', 3)]
le dieci persone più frequenti per (u'Fresleven', 3) sono [(u'Fresleven', 4), (u'Dane', 1)]
i dieci sostantivi più frequenti per (u'Fresleven', 3) sono [(u'Help', 2), (u'pity', 1), (u'sake', 1), (u'fingers', 1), (u'arms', 1), (u'mother', 1), (u'front', 1)]
i dieci verbi più frequenti per (u'Fresleven', 3) sono [(u'was', 2), (u'be', 1), (u'wronged', 1), (u'got', 1), (u'started', 1), (u'hammer', 1), (u'believe', 1), (u'stepped', 1), (u'walked', 1), (u'seemed', 1)]
la frase lunga minimo 8 token e massimo 12 con probabilità più alta per (u'Fresleven', 3) è:'  Afterwards nobody seemed to trouble much
about Fresleven's remains, till I got out and stepped into his shoes. ' e la sua probabilità è 7.69862224439e-30
Analisi per il nome: (u'SavageCustoms', 2)
i dieci luoghi più frequenti per (u'SavageCustoms', 2) sono [(u'English', 9), (u'Europe', 8), (u'Russian', 8), (u'Kurtz', 8), (u'Fine', 3), (u'Good', 3), (u'French', 3), (u'Thames', 3), (u'Swede', 3), (u'Ah', 3)]
le dieci persone più frequenti per (u'SavageCustoms', 2) sono []
i dieci sostantivi più frequenti per (u'SavageCustoms', 2) sono []
i dieci verbi più frequenti per (u'SavageCustoms', 2) sono []
la frase lunga minimo 8 token e massimo 12 con probabilità più alta per (u'SavageCustoms', 2) è:'  The offing was
barred by a black bank of clouds, and the tranquil waterway leading to
the uttermost ends of the earth flowed sombre under an overcast
sky--seemed to lead into the heart of an immense darkness. ' e la sua probabilità è 7.69862224439e-30
il nome (u'Hang', 2) è contenuto in 'Hanged himself!
il nome (u'Hang', 2) è contenuto in Hang Kurtz,
I thought.
il nome (u'Hang', 2) è contenuto in I said
Hang!--and let things slide.
Analisi per il nome: (u'Hang', 2)
la frase più corta in cui compare (u'Hang', 2) è: 'Hanged himself!
la frase più lunga in cui compare (u'Hang', 2) è: I said
Hang!--and let things slide.
i dieci luoghi più frequenti per (u'Hang', 2) sono [(u'English', 9), (u'Europe', 8), (u'Russian', 8), (u'Kurtz', 8), (u'Fine', 3), (u'Good', 3), (u'French', 3), (u'Thames', 3), (u'Swede', 3), (u'Ah', 3)]
le dieci persone più frequenti per (u'Hang', 2) sono [(u'Hang', 2), (u'Kurtz', 1)]
i dieci sostantivi più frequenti per (u'Hang', 2) sono [(u'Help', 2), (u'pity', 1), (u'sake', 1)]
i dieci verbi più frequenti per (u'Hang', 2) sono [(u'thought', 1), (u'slide', 1), (u'said', 1), (u'let', 1), (u"'Hanged", 1)]
la frase lunga minimo 8 token e massimo 12 con probabilità più alta per (u'Hang', 2) è:'  I said
Hang!--and let things slide. ' e la sua probabilità è 1.06130309769e-27
il nome (u'Nowhere', 2) è contenuto in Nowhere did we
stop long enough to get a particularized impression, but the general
sense of vague and oppressive wonder grew upon me.
il nome (u'Nowhere', 2) è contenuto in This initiated wraith from the back of Nowhere honoured me with
its amazing confidence before it vanished altogether.
il nome (u'Nowhere', 2) è contenuto in He desired to have kings meet
him at railway-stations on his return from some ghastly Nowhere, where
he intended to accomplish great things.
Analisi per il nome: (u'Nowhere', 2)
la frase più corta in cui compare (u'Nowhere', 2) è: This initiated wraith from the back of Nowhere honoured me with
its amazing confidence before it vanished altogether.
la frase più lunga in cui compare (u'Nowhere', 2) è: He desired to have kings meet
him at railway-stations on his return from some ghastly Nowhere, where
he intended to accomplish great things.
i dieci luoghi più frequenti per (u'Nowhere', 2) sono [(u'English', 9), (u'Europe', 8), (u'Russian', 8), (u'Kurtz', 8), (u'Fine', 3), (u'Good', 3), (u'French', 3), (u'Thames', 3), (u'Swede', 3), (u'Ah', 3)]
le dieci persone più frequenti per (u'Nowhere', 2) sono [(u'Nowhere', 2)]
i dieci sostantivi più frequenti per (u'Nowhere', 2) sono [(u'Help', 2), (u'pity', 1), (u'sake', 1), (u'fingers', 1), (u'arms', 1), (u'mother', 1), (u'front', 1)]
i dieci verbi più frequenti per (u'Nowhere', 2) sono [(u'grew', 1), (u'intended', 1), (u'initiated', 1), (u'get', 1), (u'did', 1), (u'stop', 1), (u'desired', 1), (u'amazing', 1), (u'accomplish', 1), (u'honoured', 1)]
la frase lunga minimo 8 token e massimo 12 con probabilità più alta per (u'Nowhere', 2) è:'  He desired to have kings meet
him at railway-stations on his return from some ghastly Nowhere, where
he intended to accomplish great things. ' e la sua probabilità è 1.06130309769e-27
Air-di-Genny:desktop gennymiola$ 